advertisement categoryidx filename title webindex company description tk_adv5 category
"Title: Finance / Accounts Asst Bromley to ****k
Webindex: 68997528
Company: First Recruitment Services
Description: Accountant (partqualified) to **** p.a. South East London Our client, a successful manufacturing company has an immediate requirement for an Accountant for permanent role in their modern offices in South East London. The Role: Credit Control Purchase / Sales Ledger Daily collection of debts by phone, letter and email. Handling of ledger accounts Handling disputed accounts and negotiating payment terms Allocating of cash and reconciliation of accounts Adhoc administration duties within the business The Person The ideal candidate will have previous experience in a Credit Control capacity, you will possess exceptional customer service and communication skills together with IT proficiency. You will need to be a part or fully qualified Accountant to be considered for this role" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00382.txt " Finance / Accounts Asst Bromley to ****k" " 68997528" " First Recruitment Services" " Accountant (partqualified) to **** p.a. South East London Our client, a successful manufacturing company has an immediate requirement for an Accountant for permanent role in their modern offices in South East London. The Role: Credit Control Purchase / Sales Ledger Daily collection of debts by phone, letter and email. Handling of ledger accounts Handling disputed accounts and negotiating payment terms Allocating of cash and reconciliation of accounts Adhoc administration duties within the business The Person The ideal candidate will have previous experience in a Credit Control capacity, you will possess exceptional customer service and communication skills together with IT proficiency. You will need to be a part or fully qualified Accountant to be considered for this role" "['accountant', 'partqualified', 'south', 'east', 'london', 'manufacturing', 'requirement', 'accountant', 'permanent', 'modern', 'offices', 'south', 'east', 'london', 'credit', 'control', 'purchase', 'ledger', 'daily', 'collection', 'debts', 'phone', 'letter', 'email', 'handling', 'ledger', 'accounts', 'handling', 'accounts', 'negotiating', 'payment', 'terms', 'cash', 'reconciliation', 'accounts', 'adhoc', 'administration', 'duties', 'person', 'ideal', 'previous', 'credit', 'control', 'capacity', 'possess', 'exceptional', 'communication', 'part', 'fully', 'qualified', 'accountant', 'considered']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Fund Accountant  Hedge Fund
Webindex: 68063513
Company: Austin Andrew Ltd
Description: One of the leading Hedge Funds in London is currently recruiting for a Fund Accountant to join their team. The role will be paying c**** with outstanding benefits. Based in the West End, the role will report to the Head of Fund Accounting and work with a number of Fund Accountants and Senior Fund Accountants. The successful candidate will be responsible for the fund accounting of a number of Hedge Funds mainly dealing in equities and equity related products. The role involves all aspects of fund accounting; preparation of journal voucher entries and NAV control. As part of the NAV review, the Fund Accountant also reviews cash and securities reconciliation, trade input, pricing fluctuations and financial statements." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00354.txt " Fund Accountant  Hedge Fund" " 68063513" " Austin Andrew Ltd" " One of the leading Hedge Funds in London is currently recruiting for a Fund Accountant to join their team. The role will be paying c**** with outstanding benefits. Based in the West End, the role will report to the Head of Fund Accounting and work with a number of Fund Accountants and Senior Fund Accountants. The successful candidate will be responsible for the fund accounting of a number of Hedge Funds mainly dealing in equities and equity related products. The role involves all aspects of fund accounting; preparation of journal voucher entries and NAV control. As part of the NAV review, the Fund Accountant also reviews cash and securities reconciliation, trade input, pricing fluctuations and financial statements." "['hedge', 'funds', 'london', 'recruiting', 'fund', 'accountant', 'paying', 'outstanding', 'benefits', 'west', 'end', 'report', 'head', 'fund', 'accounting', 'number', 'fund', 'accountants', 'senior', 'fund', 'accountants', 'responsible', 'fund', 'accounting', 'number', 'hedge', 'funds', 'dealing', 'equity', 'related', 'products', 'involves', 'aspects', 'fund', 'accounting', 'preparation', 'journal', 'voucher', 'entries', 'nav', 'control', 'part', 'nav', 'review', 'fund', 'accountant', 'reviews', 'cash', 'securities', 'reconciliation', 'trade', 'input', 'pricing', 'statements']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Deputy Home Manager
Webindex: 68700336
Company: Caritas
Description: An exciting opportunity has arisen to join an establish provider of elderly care services. The role of Deputy Home Manager is to support the Home Manager in the day to day running of the home. You need to have a passion for working in the care sector and have proven experience in this role. Job Description: To assist the Registered Manager in the management of the home To take overall responsibility for the home in the absence of the Registered Manager Job Requirements: Ensure that high standards of care are delivered to meet the needs of the individual residents Ensure the healthcare needs of the residents are met by liaising with GP’s District Nurses, Chiropodists etc. Under the supervision of the Registered Manager  Lead, manage and develop the work of the staff team Assist the Registered Manager with the management of the Home Take responsibility for the running of the Home in the absence of the Registered Manager Necessary Skills/Qualifications: NVQ Level 3 in Care Experience of working in a residential home Experience working with older people Supervisory experience Flexible to work on a shift pattern This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DeputyHomeManager_job****" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00547.txt " Deputy Home Manager" " 68700336" " Caritas" " An exciting opportunity has arisen to join an establish provider of elderly care services. The role of Deputy Home Manager is to support the Home Manager in the day to day running of the home. You need to have a passion for working in the care sector and have proven experience in this role. Job Description: To assist the Registered Manager in the management of the home To take overall responsibility for the home in the absence of the Registered Manager Job Requirements: Ensure that high standards of care are delivered to meet the needs of the individual residents Ensure the healthcare needs of the residents are met by liaising with GP’s District Nurses, Chiropodists etc. Under the supervision of the Registered Manager  Lead, manage and develop the work of the staff team Assist the Registered Manager with the management of the Home Take responsibility for the running of the Home in the absence of the Registered Manager Necessary Skills/Qualifications: NVQ Level 3 in Care Experience of working in a residential home Experience working with older people Supervisory experience Flexible to work on a shift pattern This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DeputyHomeManager_job****" "['exciting', 'arisen', 'establish', 'provider', 'elderly', 'deputy', 'day', 'day', 'running', 'passion', 'sector', 'proven', 'description', 'assist', 'registered', 'responsibility', 'absence', 'registered', 'requirements', 'standards', 'delivered', 'meet', 'individual', 'residents', 'healthcare', 'residents', 'met', 'liaising', 'gp', 'district', 'nurses', 'supervision', 'registered', 'lead', 'manage', 'develop', 'assist', 'registered', 'responsibility', 'running', 'absence', 'registered', 'qualifications', 'nvq', 'level', 'residential', 'older', 'people', 'supervisory', 'flexible', 'shift', 'pattern', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Brokers Wanted Imediate Start
Webindex: 67996688
Company: OneTwoTrade
Description: OneTwoTrade is expanding their Sales Team and are recruiting Junior/Trainee Brokers for their new City of London Trading Floor. Trainee Brokers/ Senior Brokers Open and close new business clients for the company. You will be required to contact clients worldwide. Candidates should be able to demonstrate a structured sales approach and show a genuine interest in finance and investments. Manage a portfolio of clients and support them with trading activities. NO COLD CALLING We require ambitious and genuinely dynamic sales people." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00246.txt " Brokers Wanted Imediate Start" " 67996688" " OneTwoTrade" " OneTwoTrade is expanding their Sales Team and are recruiting Junior/Trainee Brokers for their new City of London Trading Floor. Trainee Brokers/ Senior Brokers Open and close new business clients for the company. You will be required to contact clients worldwide. Candidates should be able to demonstrate a structured sales approach and show a genuine interest in finance and investments. Manage a portfolio of clients and support them with trading activities. NO COLD CALLING We require ambitious and genuinely dynamic sales people." "['expanding', 'recruiting', 'junior', 'trainee', 'brokers', 'city', 'london', 'trading', 'floor', 'trainee', 'brokers', 'senior', 'brokers', 'open', 'close', 'contact', 'worldwide', 'candidates', 'demonstrate', 'structured', 'approach', 'show', 'genuine', 'interest', 'finance', 'investments', 'manage', 'portfolio', 'trading', 'activities', 'cold', 'calling', 'require', 'ambitious', 'genuinely', 'dynamic', 'people']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: RGN Nurses (Hospitals)  Penarth
Webindex: 71803987
Company: Swiis Healthcare
Description: RGN Nurses (Hospitals) Immediate fulltime and part timehours are available The SWIIS Benefits: • ****4  **** per hour (dependent on banding).• **** bonus after first **** hours• Up to **** referafriend bonus• Free CRB.• Free immunisation• Free uniform• Free training• Ongoing professional development• Excellent outofhours management support SWIIS urgently requires experienced RGNs for hospital roles throughout Penarth. These are temporary positions, with range of adhoc shifts, short and longerterm projects available. Requirements: • At least 1 year of paid postqualification nursing experience in a relevant setting• Understanding and knowledge of the issues faced by service users• Commitment to the care and wellbeing of service users• Dedication to continued professional and personal development If you have the skills to be successful in this role, please submit a comprehensive, uptodate CV detailing a full employment and study history. Incomplete CVs will result in delays in the processing of your registration. SWIIS is an Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment and acts as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. SWIIS is an equal opportunities employer. Due to the volume of applicants, if you have not received a response from us within 14 days, please assume that you have not been successful in your application. Terms and conditions apply. Bonuses apply to qualified nurses only." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00543.txt " RGN Nurses (Hospitals)  Penarth" " 71803987" " Swiis Healthcare" " RGN Nurses (Hospitals) Immediate fulltime and part timehours are available The SWIIS Benefits: • ****4  **** per hour (dependent on banding).• **** bonus after first **** hours• Up to **** referafriend bonus• Free CRB.• Free immunisation• Free uniform• Free training• Ongoing professional development• Excellent outofhours management support SWIIS urgently requires experienced RGNs for hospital roles throughout Penarth. These are temporary positions, with range of adhoc shifts, short and longerterm projects available. Requirements: • At least 1 year of paid postqualification nursing experience in a relevant setting• Understanding and knowledge of the issues faced by service users• Commitment to the care and wellbeing of service users• Dedication to continued professional and personal development If you have the skills to be successful in this role, please submit a comprehensive, uptodate CV detailing a full employment and study history. Incomplete CVs will result in delays in the processing of your registration. SWIIS is an Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment and acts as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. SWIIS is an equal opportunities employer. Due to the volume of applicants, if you have not received a response from us within 14 days, please assume that you have not been successful in your application. Terms and conditions apply. Bonuses apply to qualified nurses only." "['rgn', 'nurses', 'hospitals', 'fulltime', 'part', 'swiis', 'benefits', 'hour', 'dependent', 'bonus', 'hours', 'bonus', 'free', 'crb', 'free', 'free', 'uniform', 'free', 'ongoing', 'professional', 'swiis', 'urgently', 'requires', 'experienced', 'rgns', 'hospital', 'roles', 'temporary', 'positions', 'range', 'adhoc', 'shifts', 'short', 'longerterm', 'projects', 'requirements', 'year', 'paid', 'nursing', 'relevant', 'setting', 'understanding', 'issues', 'users', 'commitment', 'wellbeing', 'users', 'dedication', 'continued', 'professional', 'personal', 'submit', 'comprehensive', 'uptodate', 'cv', 'detailing', 'employment', 'study', 'history', 'incomplete', 'cvs', 'result', 'delays', 'processing', 'registration', 'swiis', 'employment', 'interim', 'contract', 'temporary', 'acts', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'permanent', 'vacancies', 'swiis', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer', 'due', 'volume', 'applicants', 'received', 'response', 'days', 'assume', 'application', 'terms', 'conditions', 'bonuses', 'qualified', 'nurses']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Production Coordinator
Webindex: 70322392
Description: Production Coordinator Sandbach Salary: pound;****K ndash; ****K Our client rsquo;s are experts in supplying tailored refrigeration control solutions to niche markets such as Supermarkets, Industrial refrigeration plants. Our client is an established company of over 30 years, which after contracting over the past three years is now set to expand. nbsp; nbsp; Due to restructuring our client is looking for a Production Coordinator to join their small friendly team based in Sandbach. nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Production Coordinator ndash; Role requirements: The successful candidate will manage the administrative tasks relating to the production activities to meet company targets and order input to the company CRM system. nbsp; This will include: Regular telesales contact to build strong working relationships with clients and suppliers. Raising purchase orders for suppliers. Prioritising own work load. Answering client queries arriving via email, telephone or facsimile. Use of internal and external IT to research and retrieve information. Awareness of stock control procedures and assist in stock audits. Perform other clerical duties as needed, such as filing, photocopying, and collating. Ability to ask questions and ascertain a potential customer's needs. Experience in using and maintaining customer relationship management software and Excel spread sheets for general reporting. Preparation of customer orders. Arrange National and International courier shipments. Manage or escalate any delivery issues and/or returns. nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Ensure that internal files and records are updated. Production Coordinator ndash; Candidate: The ideal candidate would demonstrate that they have: Ability to maintain confidentiality at all times Ability to ask questions and ascertain a potential customer's needs Experience in using and maintaining customer relationship management (CRM) and stock control software. Demonstrate technical knowledge of electronic components. A basic understanding  Knowledge of Outlook, Windows XP, 7, Office 2010 and Solvitt Excellent verbal communication and listening skills and ability to express thoughts clearly. nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Demonstrate a positive attitude and enthusiasm. Goaloriented approach to achievement. Ability to get along with others and be a team player Are a car owner with a full clean driving license for occasional local travel requirements. To apply please send your detailed CV to: [blocked email] nbsp;" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00089.txt " Production Coordinator" " 70322392"  " Production Coordinator Sandbach Salary: pound;****K ndash; ****K Our client rsquo;s are experts in supplying tailored refrigeration control solutions to niche markets such as Supermarkets, Industrial refrigeration plants. Our client is an established company of over 30 years, which after contracting over the past three years is now set to expand. nbsp; nbsp; Due to restructuring our client is looking for a Production Coordinator to join their small friendly team based in Sandbach. nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Production Coordinator ndash; Role requirements: The successful candidate will manage the administrative tasks relating to the production activities to meet company targets and order input to the company CRM system. nbsp; This will include: Regular telesales contact to build strong working relationships with clients and suppliers. Raising purchase orders for suppliers. Prioritising own work load. Answering client queries arriving via email, telephone or facsimile. Use of internal and external IT to research and retrieve information. Awareness of stock control procedures and assist in stock audits. Perform other clerical duties as needed, such as filing, photocopying, and collating. Ability to ask questions and ascertain a potential customer's needs. Experience in using and maintaining customer relationship management software and Excel spread sheets for general reporting. Preparation of customer orders. Arrange National and International courier shipments. Manage or escalate any delivery issues and/or returns. nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Ensure that internal files and records are updated. Production Coordinator ndash; Candidate: The ideal candidate would demonstrate that they have: Ability to maintain confidentiality at all times Ability to ask questions and ascertain a potential customer's needs Experience in using and maintaining customer relationship management (CRM) and stock control software. Demonstrate technical knowledge of electronic components. A basic understanding  Knowledge of Outlook, Windows XP, 7, Office 2010 and Solvitt Excellent verbal communication and listening skills and ability to express thoughts clearly. nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Demonstrate a positive attitude and enthusiasm. Goaloriented approach to achievement. Ability to get along with others and be a team player Are a car owner with a full clean driving license for occasional local travel requirements. To apply please send your detailed CV to: [blocked email] nbsp;" "['production', 'coordinator', 'sandbach', 'pound', 'ndash', 'rsquo', 'experts', 'supplying', 'tailored', 'refrigeration', 'control', 'solutions', 'niche', 'markets', 'supermarkets', 'industrial', 'refrigeration', 'plants', 'established', 'years', 'contracting', 'past', 'years', 'set', 'expand', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'due', 'restructuring', 'production', 'coordinator', 'small', 'friendly', 'sandbach', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'production', 'coordinator', 'ndash', 'requirements', 'manage', 'administrative', 'tasks', 'relating', 'production', 'activities', 'meet', 'targets', 'order', 'input', 'crm', 'system', 'nbsp', 'include', 'regular', 'telesales', 'contact', 'build', 'relationships', 'suppliers', 'raising', 'purchase', 'orders', 'suppliers', 'prioritising', 'load', 'answering', 'queries', 'email', 'telephone', 'internal', 'external', 'research', 'information', 'awareness', 'stock', 'control', 'procedures', 'assist', 'stock', 'audits', 'perform', 'clerical', 'duties', 'needed', 'filing', 'questions', 'ascertain', 'potential', ""customer's"", 'maintaining', 'relationship', 'software', 'excel', 'spread', 'sheets', 'general', 'reporting', 'preparation', 'orders', 'arrange', 'national', 'international', 'courier', 'shipments', 'manage', 'escalate', 'delivery', 'issues', 'returns', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'internal', 'files', 'records', 'updated', 'production', 'coordinator', 'ndash', 'ideal', 'demonstrate', 'maintain', 'confidentiality', 'times', 'questions', 'ascertain', 'potential', ""customer's"", 'maintaining', 'relationship', 'crm', 'stock', 'control', 'software', 'demonstrate', 'technical', 'electronic', 'components', 'basic', 'understanding', 'outlook', 'windows', 'office', 'verbal', 'communication', 'listening', 'express', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'demonstrate', 'positive', 'attitude', 'enthusiasm', 'approach', 'achievement', 'player', 'car', 'owner', 'clean', 'driving', 'license', 'occasional', 'local', 'travel', 'requirements', 'send', 'detailed', 'cv', 'blocked', 'email', 'nbsp']" Engineering
"Title: Scrub Nurse
Webindex: 70086531
Description: Job Reference  VAC**** Job Title  Scrub Nurse Location  Norwich, Norfolk Salary  Up to **** per annum Hours  Full time The Hospital My client is the one of the largest providers of private healthcare in the UK with up to **** hospitals. The Norwich hospital offers private healthcare to local residents. The hospital has suite of three Theatres (two equipped with laminar flow) covers a wide range of surgical specialities and includes a dedicated sterile services department. The Role Undertaking a wide range of surgical specialities, this position presents an opportunity to broaden skills whilst working in a modern environment with a friendly, enthusiastic team. Experience of working in a Theatre environment is essential, preferably including major Ortho, Ophthalmic, General and Gynae work. Main responsibilities: To provide exemplary planned care for patients within the perioperative area and assist in the management and organisation of care provision in the operating theatre. Qualifications & Training: Essential Registered Nurse/HPC Experience: Essential Working in teams and with minimum supervision Experience in a caring role Desirable Experience of applying clinical reasoning skills to a range of complex and varied patient case mixes If you would like to apply for this post please email your CV to echadwickeclypserecruitment.co.uk or call me on **** ****" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00580.txt " Scrub Nurse" " 70086531"  " Job Reference  VAC**** Job Title  Scrub Nurse Location  Norwich, Norfolk Salary  Up to **** per annum Hours  Full time The Hospital My client is the one of the largest providers of private healthcare in the UK with up to **** hospitals. The Norwich hospital offers private healthcare to local residents. The hospital has suite of three Theatres (two equipped with laminar flow) covers a wide range of surgical specialities and includes a dedicated sterile services department. The Role Undertaking a wide range of surgical specialities, this position presents an opportunity to broaden skills whilst working in a modern environment with a friendly, enthusiastic team. Experience of working in a Theatre environment is essential, preferably including major Ortho, Ophthalmic, General and Gynae work. Main responsibilities: To provide exemplary planned care for patients within the perioperative area and assist in the management and organisation of care provision in the operating theatre. Qualifications & Training: Essential Registered Nurse/HPC Experience: Essential Working in teams and with minimum supervision Experience in a caring role Desirable Experience of applying clinical reasoning skills to a range of complex and varied patient case mixes If you would like to apply for this post please email your CV to echadwickeclypserecruitment.co.uk or call me on **** ****" "['reference', 'vac', 'title', 'scrub', 'nurse', 'location', 'norwich', 'norfolk', 'annum', 'hours', 'time', 'hospital', 'largest', 'providers', 'private', 'healthcare', 'hospitals', 'norwich', 'hospital', 'offers', 'private', 'healthcare', 'local', 'residents', 'hospital', 'suite', 'theatres', 'equipped', 'flow', 'covers', 'wide', 'range', 'surgical', 'specialities', 'includes', 'dedicated', 'department', 'undertaking', 'wide', 'range', 'surgical', 'specialities', 'broaden', 'whilst', 'modern', 'environment', 'friendly', 'enthusiastic', 'theatre', 'environment', 'essential', 'preferably', 'major', 'general', 'main', 'responsibilities', 'planned', 'patients', 'perioperative', 'area', 'assist', 'organisation', 'provision', 'operating', 'theatre', 'qualifications', 'essential', 'registered', 'nurse', 'hpc', 'essential', 'teams', 'minimum', 'supervision', 'caring', 'desirable', 'applying', 'clinical', 'reasoning', 'range', 'complex', 'varied', 'patient', 'case', 'post', 'email', 'cv', 'echadwickeclypserecruitment', 'call']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Sales & Purchase Ledger Clerk  Maternity Cover
Webindex: 68684698
Company: JK Personnel
Description: Our client is looking to recruit an experienced Sales Purchase ledger clerk. You will be covering maternity over from February 2013  mid next year. The ideal candidate would be available immediately. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES (NOT LIMITED) Sales Ledger To input cheques/ bacs received onto Sage 200 accurately To reconcile remittances with actual receipts. To prepare the banking book To be responsible and ensure that all credit control has been done in a professional and timely manner. To send customer statements on a monthly basis Managing Aged Debtors Report Purchase Ledger To prepare the payment run, ensuring all invoices which are due will be processed and that there are no duplicates. To log all payments onto Sage 200 (cheques, bacs and chaps) To deal with account payable queries Managing Aged Creditors Report SKILLS REQUIREMENTS: 2 years experience Experience of systems and invoicing A good understanding of currencies Computer Literate in office, outlook, word and excel Sage 200 experience preferred, minimum Sage 50 Ability to work to tight deadlines without errors Good numeracy skills Good communication skills Well organised and efficient Good attention to detail This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesPurchaseLedgerClerkMaternityCover_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00419.txt " Sales & Purchase Ledger Clerk  Maternity Cover" " 68684698" " JK Personnel" " Our client is looking to recruit an experienced Sales Purchase ledger clerk. You will be covering maternity over from February 2013  mid next year. The ideal candidate would be available immediately. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES (NOT LIMITED) Sales Ledger To input cheques/ bacs received onto Sage 200 accurately To reconcile remittances with actual receipts. To prepare the banking book To be responsible and ensure that all credit control has been done in a professional and timely manner. To send customer statements on a monthly basis Managing Aged Debtors Report Purchase Ledger To prepare the payment run, ensuring all invoices which are due will be processed and that there are no duplicates. To log all payments onto Sage 200 (cheques, bacs and chaps) To deal with account payable queries Managing Aged Creditors Report SKILLS REQUIREMENTS: 2 years experience Experience of systems and invoicing A good understanding of currencies Computer Literate in office, outlook, word and excel Sage 200 experience preferred, minimum Sage 50 Ability to work to tight deadlines without errors Good numeracy skills Good communication skills Well organised and efficient Good attention to detail This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesPurchaseLedgerClerkMaternityCover_job****" "['recruit', 'experienced', 'purchase', 'ledger', 'clerk', 'covering', 'maternity', 'february', 'mid', 'year', 'ideal', 'immediately', 'duties', 'responsibilities', 'limited', 'ledger', 'input', 'cheques', 'bacs', 'received', 'sage', 'accurately', 'reconcile', 'actual', 'receipts', 'prepare', 'banking', 'book', 'responsible', 'credit', 'control', 'professional', 'timely', 'manner', 'send', 'statements', 'monthly', 'basis', 'managing', 'aged', 'debtors', 'report', 'purchase', 'ledger', 'prepare', 'payment', 'run', 'ensuring', 'invoices', 'due', 'processed', 'log', 'payments', 'sage', 'cheques', 'bacs', 'deal', 'account', 'payable', 'queries', 'managing', 'aged', 'creditors', 'report', 'requirements', 'years', 'invoicing', 'understanding', 'computer', 'literate', 'office', 'outlook', 'word', 'excel', 'sage', 'preferred', 'minimum', 'sage', 'tight', 'deadlines', 'errors', 'numeracy', 'communication', 'organised', 'efficient', 'attention', 'detail', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Recruitment Sales Executive
Webindex: 70251801
Company: Modern Business Solutions
Description: Our client is a leading recruitment company based on the West Suffolk, North Essex and Cambridgeshire border. They are embarking on their expansion programme for 2013 and are actively looking to recruit a tenacious and passionate Sales Consultant. This is not a role for the faint hearted and you will need drive, determination and commitment to succeed in this extremely competitive sector. Your territory will span across three counties but will mainly focus on Cambridge, Newmarket and Haverhill. The role will be both office based and field based and will involve business to business telesales as well as face to face sales. You will be targeted on making appointments for the team and ensuring all activity to accurately recorded. The person we are looking to recruit, will have sales experience, with a proven track record and will have the hunger to succeed. You will need to be up for the challenge ahead and will have to maintain a positive attitude at all times. Recruitment experience would be an advantage although by no means essential for the 'right' person as training in that sector will be available. Your own transport is preferred and we can offer a competitive basic salary as well as an excellent bonus structure. Career progression within the company is also a possibility. Interviews will take place following the short listing process. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RecruitmentSalesExecutive_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00767.txt " Recruitment Sales Executive" " 70251801" " Modern Business Solutions" " Our client is a leading recruitment company based on the West Suffolk, North Essex and Cambridgeshire border. They are embarking on their expansion programme for 2013 and are actively looking to recruit a tenacious and passionate Sales Consultant. This is not a role for the faint hearted and you will need drive, determination and commitment to succeed in this extremely competitive sector. Your territory will span across three counties but will mainly focus on Cambridge, Newmarket and Haverhill. The role will be both office based and field based and will involve business to business telesales as well as face to face sales. You will be targeted on making appointments for the team and ensuring all activity to accurately recorded. The person we are looking to recruit, will have sales experience, with a proven track record and will have the hunger to succeed. You will need to be up for the challenge ahead and will have to maintain a positive attitude at all times. Recruitment experience would be an advantage although by no means essential for the 'right' person as training in that sector will be available. Your own transport is preferred and we can offer a competitive basic salary as well as an excellent bonus structure. Career progression within the company is also a possibility. Interviews will take place following the short listing process. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RecruitmentSalesExecutive_job****" "['west', 'suffolk', 'north', 'essex', 'cambridgeshire', 'border', 'expansion', 'programme', 'actively', 'recruit', 'tenacious', 'passionate', 'consultant', 'drive', 'determination', 'commitment', 'succeed', 'extremely', 'competitive', 'sector', 'territory', 'span', 'counties', 'focus', 'cambridge', 'newmarket', 'haverhill', 'office', 'field', 'involve', 'telesales', 'face', 'face', 'targeted', 'making', 'appointments', 'ensuring', 'activity', 'accurately', 'recorded', 'person', 'recruit', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'hunger', 'succeed', 'challenge', 'ahead', 'maintain', 'positive', 'attitude', 'times', 'advantage', 'means', 'essential', 'person', 'sector', 'transport', 'preferred', 'offer', 'competitive', 'basic', 'bonus', 'structure', 'career', 'progression', 'possibility', 'interviews', 'place', 'short', 'listing', 'process', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Business Development Executive  Field Sales  Dartford
Webindex: 72457901
Company: David Miles Associates
Description: Position: Business Development Executive  Field Sales  Dartford Salary: ****kbasic, ****k OTE  car  bens Location:Dartford Territory: DA  SE  BR Hungry, ambitious new business sales professional? THE COMPANY: Firmly established in our industry, we are looking to take on people who have proven success in New Business with excellent customer service focus, who want to have an opportunity to build a long term career with us and be part of our continued success. You will be representing the premium service providers across an impressive range of environmental hygiene services and solutions. THE ROLE:  Generate new business opportunities across South East London area  Selling B2B across the SME sector  Selling a contractual sale in the environmental sector, emphasis on service and solution THE SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATE:  Proven Successful New Business Sales Track Record  At least 12 months  2 years of B2B Field Sales experience  Polished, articulate communicator  Ideally from the service led sector, experience of a contractual sale advantageous  You will be driven in all aspects of the role from planning and organizing your week to cold calling potential new customers.  You will need to be able to adapt to the clients needs and personalities, as well as build on business development.  A background within service related industries such as cleaning, logistics, environmental services, contract sales or any other would be advantageous.  Working within this role requires an all round sales professional who has both the drive and energy would be ideal for the role. Key Words: Recycling, Washroom Services, Pest control, contract hire, Business Development, Field Sales, Cold Calling, B2B, new business This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentExecutiveFieldSalesDartford_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00670.txt " Business Development Executive  Field Sales  Dartford" " 72457901" " David Miles Associates" " Position: Business Development Executive  Field Sales  Dartford Salary: ****kbasic, ****k OTE  car  bens Location:Dartford Territory: DA  SE  BR Hungry, ambitious new business sales professional? THE COMPANY: Firmly established in our industry, we are looking to take on people who have proven success in New Business with excellent customer service focus, who want to have an opportunity to build a long term career with us and be part of our continued success. You will be representing the premium service providers across an impressive range of environmental hygiene services and solutions. THE ROLE:  Generate new business opportunities across South East London area  Selling B2B across the SME sector  Selling a contractual sale in the environmental sector, emphasis on service and solution THE SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATE:  Proven Successful New Business Sales Track Record  At least 12 months  2 years of B2B Field Sales experience  Polished, articulate communicator  Ideally from the service led sector, experience of a contractual sale advantageous  You will be driven in all aspects of the role from planning and organizing your week to cold calling potential new customers.  You will need to be able to adapt to the clients needs and personalities, as well as build on business development.  A background within service related industries such as cleaning, logistics, environmental services, contract sales or any other would be advantageous.  Working within this role requires an all round sales professional who has both the drive and energy would be ideal for the role. Key Words: Recycling, Washroom Services, Pest control, contract hire, Business Development, Field Sales, Cold Calling, B2B, new business This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentExecutiveFieldSalesDartford_job****" "['executive', 'field', 'dartford', 'kbasic', 'ote', 'car', 'bens', 'location', 'dartford', 'territory', 'se', 'hungry', 'ambitious', 'professional', 'firmly', 'established', 'industry', 'people', 'proven', 'success', 'focus', 'build', 'long', 'term', 'career', 'part', 'continued', 'success', 'representing', 'premium', 'providers', 'impressive', 'range', 'environmental', 'hygiene', 'solutions', 'generate', 'opportunities', 'south', 'east', 'london', 'area', 'selling', 'sme', 'sector', 'selling', 'contractual', 'sale', 'environmental', 'sector', 'emphasis', 'solution', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'months', 'years', 'field', 'polished', 'articulate', 'communicator', 'ideally', 'led', 'sector', 'contractual', 'sale', 'advantageous', 'driven', 'aspects', 'planning', 'organizing', 'week', 'cold', 'calling', 'potential', 'customers', 'adapt', 'build', 'background', 'related', 'industries', 'cleaning', 'logistics', 'environmental', 'contract', 'advantageous', 'requires', 'round', 'professional', 'drive', 'energy', 'ideal', 'key', 'words', 'control', 'contract', 'hire', 'field', 'cold', 'calling', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Investments & Treasury Controller
Webindex: 71851935
Company: August Clarke
Description: Our client, based in Eastleigh, is looking for an Investments and Treasury Controller to join their team. Duties to include: Take responsibility for transactional management, analysis and oversight of the Company’s investment portfolio, including compliance with relevant sections of the relevant policies Ensure that working capital and other liquid resources and cashflow are managed efficiently Deliver consistently against relevant KPIs and KRIs, analysing any shortfalls and putting appropriate action plans in place to remediate process issues Manage day to day relationships with the Company’s outsourced Investment Managers and Custodians ensuring that there is mutual understanding of each others’ operations, systems and developments so that business is transacted efficiently and effectively Own endtoend investment processes, ensuring that processes, procedures, risks and controls are documented, effective and efficient. Regularly review and test processes and controls in accordance with Finance control and risk framework. Skills and Experience: The ability to build relationships with stakeholders at all levels both internal and external, able to challenge assumptions positively and bring people on the journey Strong written communication skills and must be fluent, articulate and confident in spoken communication Understanding of investment principles and significant experience of their practical application coupled with excellent analytical skills. A strong risks and control awareness is also required Strong organisational and planning skills coupled with ability to drive appropriate solutions. Proactive, highly motivated and change orientated, able to identify obstacles and clear them effectively IT literate, including experience of accounting systems and data warehouse architectures as well as desktop systems. Fluent with using Microsoft Excel, Word and PowerPoint Ability to understand, evaluate and interpret diverse financial data You will have experience of in a treasury/investment role, and must be ACA/ACCA/CIMA qualified or equivalent. August Clarke Limited is acting as a recruitment agency in relation to this role. We do not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and comply with all relevant UK legislation. If you do not hear back from us within **** working days please assume you have not been successful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InvestmentsTreasuryController_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00263.txt " Investments & Treasury Controller" " 71851935" " August Clarke" " Our client, based in Eastleigh, is looking for an Investments and Treasury Controller to join their team. Duties to include: Take responsibility for transactional management, analysis and oversight of the Company’s investment portfolio, including compliance with relevant sections of the relevant policies Ensure that working capital and other liquid resources and cashflow are managed efficiently Deliver consistently against relevant KPIs and KRIs, analysing any shortfalls and putting appropriate action plans in place to remediate process issues Manage day to day relationships with the Company’s outsourced Investment Managers and Custodians ensuring that there is mutual understanding of each others’ operations, systems and developments so that business is transacted efficiently and effectively Own endtoend investment processes, ensuring that processes, procedures, risks and controls are documented, effective and efficient. Regularly review and test processes and controls in accordance with Finance control and risk framework. Skills and Experience: The ability to build relationships with stakeholders at all levels both internal and external, able to challenge assumptions positively and bring people on the journey Strong written communication skills and must be fluent, articulate and confident in spoken communication Understanding of investment principles and significant experience of their practical application coupled with excellent analytical skills. A strong risks and control awareness is also required Strong organisational and planning skills coupled with ability to drive appropriate solutions. Proactive, highly motivated and change orientated, able to identify obstacles and clear them effectively IT literate, including experience of accounting systems and data warehouse architectures as well as desktop systems. Fluent with using Microsoft Excel, Word and PowerPoint Ability to understand, evaluate and interpret diverse financial data You will have experience of in a treasury/investment role, and must be ACA/ACCA/CIMA qualified or equivalent. August Clarke Limited is acting as a recruitment agency in relation to this role. We do not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and comply with all relevant UK legislation. If you do not hear back from us within **** working days please assume you have not been successful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InvestmentsTreasuryController_job****" "['eastleigh', 'investments', 'treasury', 'controller', 'duties', 'include', 'responsibility', 'transactional', 'analysis', 'oversight', 'investment', 'portfolio', 'compliance', 'relevant', 'sections', 'relevant', 'policies', 'capital', 'liquid', 'resources', 'cashflow', 'managed', 'efficiently', 'deliver', 'consistently', 'relevant', 'kpis', 'analysing', 'putting', 'action', 'plans', 'place', 'process', 'issues', 'manage', 'day', 'day', 'relationships', 'outsourced', 'investment', 'managers', 'ensuring', 'mutual', 'understanding', 'operations', 'developments', 'efficiently', 'effectively', 'endtoend', 'investment', 'processes', 'ensuring', 'processes', 'procedures', 'risks', 'controls', 'documented', 'effective', 'efficient', 'regularly', 'review', 'test', 'processes', 'controls', 'accordance', 'finance', 'control', 'risk', 'framework', 'build', 'relationships', 'stakeholders', 'levels', 'internal', 'external', 'challenge', 'assumptions', 'positively', 'bring', 'people', 'journey', 'written', 'communication', 'fluent', 'articulate', 'confident', 'spoken', 'communication', 'understanding', 'investment', 'principles', 'significant', 'practical', 'application', 'coupled', 'analytical', 'risks', 'control', 'awareness', 'organisational', 'planning', 'coupled', 'drive', 'solutions', 'proactive', 'highly', 'motivated', 'change', 'orientated', 'identify', 'obstacles', 'clear', 'effectively', 'literate', 'accounting', 'data', 'warehouse', 'architectures', 'desktop', 'fluent', 'microsoft', 'excel', 'word', 'powerpoint', 'understand', 'evaluate', 'interpret', 'diverse', 'data', 'treasury', 'investment', 'aca', 'acca', 'cima', 'qualified', 'equivalent', 'limited', 'acting', 'agency', 'relation', 'discriminate', 'grounds', 'age', 'race', 'gender', 'disability', 'creed', 'sexual', 'orientation', 'comply', 'relevant', 'legislation', 'hear', 'back', 'days', 'assume', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: European Payroll
Webindex: 70757932
Company: Brookstreet UK
Description: Well established company based in Hemel Hempstead looking for someone to join the payroll team to process the payroll for their European employees Have you previously worked within a role where you have been processing European payroll? Are you available long term? Are you happy to work full time hours? This position will be Monday to Friday working ****:30am to ****:30pm. The role will be working within the payroll team to process payroll for their European employees. This is a temporary to permanent position so you must be available long term" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00374.txt " European Payroll" " 70757932" " Brookstreet UK" " Well established company based in Hemel Hempstead looking for someone to join the payroll team to process the payroll for their European employees Have you previously worked within a role where you have been processing European payroll? Are you available long term? Are you happy to work full time hours? This position will be Monday to Friday working ****:30am to ****:30pm. The role will be working within the payroll team to process payroll for their European employees. This is a temporary to permanent position so you must be available long term" "['established', 'hemel', 'hempstead', 'payroll', 'process', 'payroll', 'european', 'employees', 'previously', 'worked', 'processing', 'european', 'payroll', 'long', 'term', 'happy', 'time', 'hours', 'monday', 'friday', 'pm', 'payroll', 'process', 'payroll', 'european', 'employees', 'temporary', 'permanent', 'long', 'term']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Engineering Assessor / Instructor  South Yorkshire
Webindex: 71215909
Company: Additional Resources
Description: Engineering Assessor / Instructor  South Yorkshire  up to ****K depending on experience  bonus  ****5 days holiday bank holidays  pension  life assurance Are you an Engineering Assessor OR Engineering Instructor looking for your next challenge? Company This training company is leading the way in the engineering training arena and as a result of an extremely successful year they are now looking to recruit a Engineering Assessor / Instructor to help continue the successful trend. In return you can expect one of the best packages in the industry and receive ongoing support as well as all training and development you need to ensure you maintain the company?s high standards to be a success in role. The role ****) Delivering engineering apprenticeship training ****) Supervision of the day to day activities ****) Operation of the engineering workshops 5) Delivery and assessment of training to ensure the achievement of both financial and targeted workshop activities Candidate skills / qualifications ****) Must have either D****/D**** qualification or the A**** Assessors Award 2) To come from an Engineering background Candidates suitable for this position can live anywhere in the following areas  Barnsley Batley Castleford Chesterfield Dewsbury Doncaster Huddersfield Leeds Morley Pontefract Rotherham Sheffield Wakefield Additional Resources Ltd is an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as defined within The Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Businesses Regulations ****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00111.txt " Engineering Assessor / Instructor  South Yorkshire" " 71215909" " Additional Resources" " Engineering Assessor / Instructor  South Yorkshire  up to ****K depending on experience  bonus  ****5 days holiday bank holidays  pension  life assurance Are you an Engineering Assessor OR Engineering Instructor looking for your next challenge? Company This training company is leading the way in the engineering training arena and as a result of an extremely successful year they are now looking to recruit a Engineering Assessor / Instructor to help continue the successful trend. In return you can expect one of the best packages in the industry and receive ongoing support as well as all training and development you need to ensure you maintain the company?s high standards to be a success in role. The role ****) Delivering engineering apprenticeship training ****) Supervision of the day to day activities ****) Operation of the engineering workshops 5) Delivery and assessment of training to ensure the achievement of both financial and targeted workshop activities Candidate skills / qualifications ****) Must have either D****/D**** qualification or the A**** Assessors Award 2) To come from an Engineering background Candidates suitable for this position can live anywhere in the following areas  Barnsley Batley Castleford Chesterfield Dewsbury Doncaster Huddersfield Leeds Morley Pontefract Rotherham Sheffield Wakefield Additional Resources Ltd is an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as defined within The Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Businesses Regulations ****" "['assessor', 'instructor', 'south', 'yorkshire', 'depending', 'bonus', 'days', 'holiday', 'bank', 'holidays', 'pension', 'life', 'assurance', 'assessor', 'instructor', 'challenge', 'arena', 'result', 'extremely', 'year', 'recruit', 'assessor', 'instructor', 'continue', 'trend', 'return', 'expect', 'packages', 'industry', 'receive', 'ongoing', 'maintain', 'standards', 'success', 'delivering', 'apprenticeship', 'supervision', 'day', 'day', 'activities', 'operation', 'workshops', 'delivery', 'assessment', 'achievement', 'targeted', 'workshop', 'activities', 'qualifications', 'qualification', 'assessors', 'award', 'background', 'candidates', 'suitable', 'live', 'areas', 'barnsley', 'chesterfield', 'dewsbury', 'doncaster', 'huddersfield', 'leeds', 'rotherham', 'sheffield', 'wakefield', 'additional', 'resources', 'employment', 'employment', 'agency', 'defined', 'conduct', 'employment', 'agencies', 'employment', 'businesses', 'regulations']" Engineering
"Title: International Account Manager
Webindex: 70205492
Company: Bond Williams
Description: Our client based in the outskirts of Poole in Dorset are recruiting for an International Account Manager to join this highly successful manufacturing/services organisation. As the International Account Manager you will be the interface between the companies international customers and the companies entire service delivery organisation. Your responsibilities are varied and challenging and will include maintaining, identifying, creating and promoting the companies international client base. You will build relationships at all levels from senior management to operational staff supporting their needs. Working closely with the Sales Director you will be the pivotal link for all international relationships, working within the framework of objectives and targets set by the Sales Director. Using your initiative you will support the sales teams enabling targets to be reached and over achieved. The role will require International travel up to 60% of the time out of the UK 's Head Office. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in account management ideally working within the electronics or services industries having worked with blue chip/ large corporate customers. This is a fantastic opportunity to develop your International career within a reputable and successful organisation. Benefits include car allowance, 23 days holiday, parking and the opportunity to make this newly created role your own" 3 data/Sales\Job_00775.txt " International Account Manager" " 70205492" " Bond Williams" " Our client based in the outskirts of Poole in Dorset are recruiting for an International Account Manager to join this highly successful manufacturing/services organisation. As the International Account Manager you will be the interface between the companies international customers and the companies entire service delivery organisation. Your responsibilities are varied and challenging and will include maintaining, identifying, creating and promoting the companies international client base. You will build relationships at all levels from senior management to operational staff supporting their needs. Working closely with the Sales Director you will be the pivotal link for all international relationships, working within the framework of objectives and targets set by the Sales Director. Using your initiative you will support the sales teams enabling targets to be reached and over achieved. The role will require International travel up to 60% of the time out of the UK 's Head Office. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in account management ideally working within the electronics or services industries having worked with blue chip/ large corporate customers. This is a fantastic opportunity to develop your International career within a reputable and successful organisation. Benefits include car allowance, 23 days holiday, parking and the opportunity to make this newly created role your own" "['outskirts', 'poole', 'dorset', 'recruiting', 'international', 'account', 'highly', 'manufacturing', 'organisation', 'international', 'account', 'interface', 'companies', 'international', 'customers', 'companies', 'entire', 'delivery', 'organisation', 'responsibilities', 'varied', 'challenging', 'include', 'maintaining', 'identifying', 'creating', 'promoting', 'companies', 'international', 'base', 'build', 'relationships', 'levels', 'senior', 'operational', 'supporting', 'closely', 'director', 'pivotal', 'link', 'international', 'relationships', 'framework', 'objectives', 'targets', 'set', 'director', 'initiative', 'teams', 'enabling', 'targets', 'reached', 'achieved', 'require', 'international', 'travel', 'time', 'head', 'office', 'ideal', 'background', 'account', 'ideally', 'electronics', 'industries', 'worked', 'blue', 'chip', 'large', 'corporate', 'customers', 'fantastic', 'develop', 'international', 'career', 'reputable', 'organisation', 'benefits', 'include', 'car', 'allowance', 'days', 'holiday', 'parking', 'make', 'newly', 'created']" Sales
"Title: Senior Production Technologist (Malaysia)
Webindex: 70207759
Company: Evolution Recruitment Solutions Pte Ltd
Description: My client is a major oil operator in Malaysia who is currently looking for a Senior Porduction Technologist. Provide technical production technology expertise to the satellites Susurface team with a promary focus on satellite project maturation. Bachelor Degree in petroleum engineering or equivalent Minimum ****yrs production technology experience both in oil and gas reservior management and field development planning Strong conceptual well design skills for subsea well systems Experience in managing reservoir uncertainties and risks Experience in deepwater project is an advantage" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00057.txt " Senior Production Technologist (Malaysia)" " 70207759" " Evolution Recruitment Solutions Pte Ltd" " My client is a major oil operator in Malaysia who is currently looking for a Senior Porduction Technologist. Provide technical production technology expertise to the satellites Susurface team with a promary focus on satellite project maturation. Bachelor Degree in petroleum engineering or equivalent Minimum ****yrs production technology experience both in oil and gas reservior management and field development planning Strong conceptual well design skills for subsea well systems Experience in managing reservoir uncertainties and risks Experience in deepwater project is an advantage" "['major', 'oil', 'operator', 'malaysia', 'senior', 'technologist', 'technical', 'production', 'technology', 'expertise', 'satellites', 'focus', 'satellite', 'project', 'bachelor', 'degree', 'petroleum', 'equivalent', 'minimum', 'yrs', 'production', 'technology', 'oil', 'gas', 'field', 'planning', 'conceptual', 'subsea', 'managing', 'reservoir', 'risks', 'project', 'advantage']" Engineering
"Title: Insurance Sales Executive  Horsham
Webindex: 69770990
Description: Insurance Sales Executive  Horsham **** Dep Horsham Well established name in the Insurance Industry has an exciting opportunity for a talented sales professional for a new opening. Will be already working in Insurance and sales or from a financial background ideally. Key is immaculate presentation as well as top communication skills. The ideal candidate will have not moved around. They should be looking for a career, not a stepping stone and expect to work a **** day week. They need to be customer focused, professional, and a good communicator but above all they need to be able to sell. The role will initially entail dealing with all aspects of insurance policies from inception, midterm changes, to renewals and claims. Dealing with Motor/Home/Travel/Breakdown and other insurances. They will need to be able to sell/communicate with all types of clients via the phone and face to face. Training is in house and hands on, they would also be expected to study for a `Certificate in Insurance` in their own time. This consists of **** exams and they are given up to **** year to pass these. My Client promotes from within so there is a real career path for the right individual. Additional Resources Ltd is an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as defined within The Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Businesses Regulations ****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00642.txt " Insurance Sales Executive  Horsham" " 69770990"  " Insurance Sales Executive  Horsham **** Dep Horsham Well established name in the Insurance Industry has an exciting opportunity for a talented sales professional for a new opening. Will be already working in Insurance and sales or from a financial background ideally. Key is immaculate presentation as well as top communication skills. The ideal candidate will have not moved around. They should be looking for a career, not a stepping stone and expect to work a **** day week. They need to be customer focused, professional, and a good communicator but above all they need to be able to sell. The role will initially entail dealing with all aspects of insurance policies from inception, midterm changes, to renewals and claims. Dealing with Motor/Home/Travel/Breakdown and other insurances. They will need to be able to sell/communicate with all types of clients via the phone and face to face. Training is in house and hands on, they would also be expected to study for a `Certificate in Insurance` in their own time. This consists of **** exams and they are given up to **** year to pass these. My Client promotes from within so there is a real career path for the right individual. Additional Resources Ltd is an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as defined within The Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Businesses Regulations ****" "['insurance', 'executive', 'horsham', 'horsham', 'established', 'insurance', 'industry', 'exciting', 'talented', 'professional', 'opening', 'insurance', 'background', 'ideally', 'key', 'presentation', 'top', 'communication', 'ideal', 'career', 'expect', 'day', 'week', 'focused', 'professional', 'communicator', 'sell', 'initially', 'entail', 'dealing', 'aspects', 'insurance', 'policies', 'inception', 'midterm', 'renewals', 'claims', 'dealing', 'motor', 'travel', 'breakdown', 'insurances', 'sell', 'communicate', 'types', 'phone', 'face', 'face', 'house', 'hands', 'expected', 'study', 'certificate', 'insurance', 'time', 'consists', 'exams', 'year', 'pass', 'promotes', 'real', 'career', 'path', 'individual', 'additional', 'resources', 'employment', 'employment', 'agency', 'defined', 'conduct', 'employment', 'agencies', 'employment', 'businesses', 'regulations']" Sales
"Title: Vehicle Purchaser / Car Sales
Webindex: 72232029
Company: Assured Recruitment Solutions
Description: Vehicle Purchaser / Car Sales Birkenhead / Southport ****  Bonus  ****k OTE Year **** Summary : This is a challenging, exciting and rewarding opportunity to work for the UK’s leading car buying service as a Vehicle Purchaser, managing your own branch as if it were your own business. With a basic salary of **** and an open ended bonus structure that offers a genuine **** OTE in year **** this role is perfect for confident, outgoing business minded people who can build rapport with customers and have the discipline and focus to run their own branch effectively. PLEASE NOTE; experience of working in the automotive industry is not essential as comprehensive training is provided. The Company : As the leading player in the UK car buying and remarketing industry, this business is clearly recognisable by its distinctive and powerful branding. Established 6 years ago with the objective of becoming the ‘third way’ for customers who are looking to sell their car quickly, safety and easily, they are an ambitious business with a growing presence across the UK. The Role : This role has two remits; Firstly, as the name suggests, you will be responsible for purchasing vehicles directly from customers who initially make an enquiry online. Following an introductory telephone call from you in which you build an initial relationship with them, you will then meet the customer at your branch where you will inspect their vehicle and then, using your excellent customer service skills, work with your customer to buy their car. Secondly, you will be directly responsible for the effective and professional management of your branch, managing and prioritising your own workload and diary and ensuring that you deliver a first class customer experience to each and every customer. The Vehicle Purchaser will also take responsibility for proactively seeking out and generating new customers for your branch. PLEASE NOTE; experience of working in the automotive industry is not essential as comprehensive training is provided. You : This is a challenging role in which it will feel like you are almost running your own business We are therefore looking for people who first and foremost have the confidence, discipline, drive and determination to own and manage their own branch – people who have the selfmotivation and the hunger to achieve and succeed in great business. Whilst automotive experience is not essential, it IS essential that you have worked within a customer focused environment and that you have strong rapport building and customer service skills as you will need to engage with your customers in order to get them to want to sell their vehicle to you. It is also very important that you are process driven, are good with numbers and have a high level of mental agility as you will be required to process lots of information quickly and think on your feet. Whilst you will be supported by your Area Manager, you must also be comfortable working on your own. Salary : **** basic  Bonus: Year **** OTE  **** with Top Performers earning **** Hours : 5 days in 7 to include every Saturday and Sunday. Weekdays: 10am – 7pm, Saturday 9am – 5:30pm, Sunday 10am – 5pm. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/VehiclePurchaserCarSales_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00657.txt " Vehicle Purchaser / Car Sales" " 72232029" " Assured Recruitment Solutions" " Vehicle Purchaser / Car Sales Birkenhead / Southport ****  Bonus  ****k OTE Year **** Summary : This is a challenging, exciting and rewarding opportunity to work for the UK’s leading car buying service as a Vehicle Purchaser, managing your own branch as if it were your own business. With a basic salary of **** and an open ended bonus structure that offers a genuine **** OTE in year **** this role is perfect for confident, outgoing business minded people who can build rapport with customers and have the discipline and focus to run their own branch effectively. PLEASE NOTE; experience of working in the automotive industry is not essential as comprehensive training is provided. The Company : As the leading player in the UK car buying and remarketing industry, this business is clearly recognisable by its distinctive and powerful branding. Established 6 years ago with the objective of becoming the ‘third way’ for customers who are looking to sell their car quickly, safety and easily, they are an ambitious business with a growing presence across the UK. The Role : This role has two remits; Firstly, as the name suggests, you will be responsible for purchasing vehicles directly from customers who initially make an enquiry online. Following an introductory telephone call from you in which you build an initial relationship with them, you will then meet the customer at your branch where you will inspect their vehicle and then, using your excellent customer service skills, work with your customer to buy their car. Secondly, you will be directly responsible for the effective and professional management of your branch, managing and prioritising your own workload and diary and ensuring that you deliver a first class customer experience to each and every customer. The Vehicle Purchaser will also take responsibility for proactively seeking out and generating new customers for your branch. PLEASE NOTE; experience of working in the automotive industry is not essential as comprehensive training is provided. You : This is a challenging role in which it will feel like you are almost running your own business We are therefore looking for people who first and foremost have the confidence, discipline, drive and determination to own and manage their own branch – people who have the selfmotivation and the hunger to achieve and succeed in great business. Whilst automotive experience is not essential, it IS essential that you have worked within a customer focused environment and that you have strong rapport building and customer service skills as you will need to engage with your customers in order to get them to want to sell their vehicle to you. It is also very important that you are process driven, are good with numbers and have a high level of mental agility as you will be required to process lots of information quickly and think on your feet. Whilst you will be supported by your Area Manager, you must also be comfortable working on your own. Salary : **** basic  Bonus: Year **** OTE  **** with Top Performers earning **** Hours : 5 days in 7 to include every Saturday and Sunday. Weekdays: 10am – 7pm, Saturday 9am – 5:30pm, Sunday 10am – 5pm. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/VehiclePurchaserCarSales_job****" "['vehicle', 'purchaser', 'car', 'southport', 'bonus', 'ote', 'year', 'summary', 'challenging', 'exciting', 'rewarding', 'car', 'buying', 'vehicle', 'purchaser', 'managing', 'branch', 'basic', 'open', 'bonus', 'structure', 'offers', 'genuine', 'ote', 'year', 'perfect', 'confident', 'outgoing', 'minded', 'people', 'build', 'rapport', 'customers', 'discipline', 'focus', 'run', 'branch', 'effectively', 'note', 'automotive', 'industry', 'essential', 'comprehensive', 'provided', 'player', 'car', 'buying', 'industry', 'recognisable', 'powerful', 'established', 'years', 'ago', 'objective', 'customers', 'sell', 'car', 'quickly', 'safety', 'easily', 'ambitious', 'growing', 'presence', 'responsible', 'purchasing', 'vehicles', 'directly', 'customers', 'initially', 'make', 'online', 'introductory', 'telephone', 'call', 'build', 'initial', 'relationship', 'meet', 'branch', 'inspect', 'vehicle', 'buy', 'car', 'directly', 'responsible', 'effective', 'professional', 'branch', 'managing', 'prioritising', 'workload', 'diary', 'ensuring', 'deliver', 'class', 'vehicle', 'purchaser', 'responsibility', 'proactively', 'seeking', 'generating', 'customers', 'branch', 'note', 'automotive', 'industry', 'essential', 'comprehensive', 'provided', 'challenging', 'feel', 'running', 'people', 'foremost', 'confidence', 'discipline', 'drive', 'determination', 'manage', 'branch', 'people', 'selfmotivation', 'hunger', 'achieve', 'succeed', 'great', 'whilst', 'automotive', 'essential', 'essential', 'worked', 'focused', 'environment', 'rapport', 'building', 'engage', 'customers', 'order', 'sell', 'vehicle', 'important', 'process', 'driven', 'numbers', 'level', 'mental', 'process', 'lots', 'information', 'quickly', 'feet', 'whilst', 'supported', 'area', 'comfortable', 'basic', 'bonus', 'year', 'ote', 'top', 'performers', 'earning', 'hours', 'days', 'include', 'saturday', 'sunday', 'weekdays', 'pm', 'saturday', 'pm', 'sunday', 'pm', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Marine Engines Specialist – Product Support
Webindex: 71213522
Company: Webrecruit
Description: Marine Engines Specialist  Product SupportSlough, Berkshirec**** Plus Annual Bonus, Contributory Pension, Health Scheme, Travel Insurance, Death in Service, 25 Days' Holiday Our client is one of the largest Caterpillar dealers in the world. Acting as their official dealer for East and West Africa, the Middle East and Western Siberia, they offer their customers a complete range of power generation, construction, mining and materials handling equipment. Working closely with their customers, they offer aftersales service which is secondtonone, using structured support agreements, local parts availability and Cat certified engineers. An opportunity has now arisen for a Marine Engines Specialist to join their Product Support team. If you have a strong sales engineer background with experience of working within the Marine Diesel Engine industry, this is a superb opening to join a global company. Offering excellent progression prospects and the chance to travel internationally, you will have the opportunity to pioneer and establish working practices and standards for a rapidly developing market sector. As a Marine Engines Specialist, you will be responsible for supporting business units with parts and service sales for marine customers. You will create strategic action plans, identify gaps in the market and enhance our client's capability and capacity. Additionally, you will undertake customer visits to develop our client's image and ensure they are the customers' first choice. Your duties will include:  Frequently travelling to engage the marine customer base and maintain relationships with key customers Engaging Caterpillar industry specialists to provide coverage, support and marketing plan assistance Increasing the marine product support business to reach and exceed our client's 2015 target To be considered, you must have:  Demonstrable experience of working with largebore, mediumspeed diesel engines for marine propulsion systems, ideally in a product support function An engineering apprenticeship and qualification, such as a diploma or degree As a Marine Engines Specialist, you must have a strong team player mentality and the ability to work in a cross functional capacity. Logical and responsible, you must have great reasoning and negotiation skills, be comfortable engaging with customers and be able to problem solve at a high level. To apply for the role of Marine Engines Specialist (Product Support), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Product Support Specialist, Marine Engines, Product Specialist, Marine Engineer Product Specialist, Product Engineer, Product Support Engineer, Marine Engine Specialist, Technical Product Specialist, Product Support Manager. bonus, company pension, healthcare Salary: c**** Plus Annual Bonus" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00209.txt " Marine Engines Specialist – Product Support" " 71213522" " Webrecruit" " Marine Engines Specialist  Product SupportSlough, Berkshirec**** Plus Annual Bonus, Contributory Pension, Health Scheme, Travel Insurance, Death in Service, 25 Days' Holiday Our client is one of the largest Caterpillar dealers in the world. Acting as their official dealer for East and West Africa, the Middle East and Western Siberia, they offer their customers a complete range of power generation, construction, mining and materials handling equipment. Working closely with their customers, they offer aftersales service which is secondtonone, using structured support agreements, local parts availability and Cat certified engineers. An opportunity has now arisen for a Marine Engines Specialist to join their Product Support team. If you have a strong sales engineer background with experience of working within the Marine Diesel Engine industry, this is a superb opening to join a global company. Offering excellent progression prospects and the chance to travel internationally, you will have the opportunity to pioneer and establish working practices and standards for a rapidly developing market sector. As a Marine Engines Specialist, you will be responsible for supporting business units with parts and service sales for marine customers. You will create strategic action plans, identify gaps in the market and enhance our client's capability and capacity. Additionally, you will undertake customer visits to develop our client's image and ensure they are the customers' first choice. Your duties will include:  Frequently travelling to engage the marine customer base and maintain relationships with key customers Engaging Caterpillar industry specialists to provide coverage, support and marketing plan assistance Increasing the marine product support business to reach and exceed our client's 2015 target To be considered, you must have:  Demonstrable experience of working with largebore, mediumspeed diesel engines for marine propulsion systems, ideally in a product support function An engineering apprenticeship and qualification, such as a diploma or degree As a Marine Engines Specialist, you must have a strong team player mentality and the ability to work in a cross functional capacity. Logical and responsible, you must have great reasoning and negotiation skills, be comfortable engaging with customers and be able to problem solve at a high level. To apply for the role of Marine Engines Specialist (Product Support), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Product Support Specialist, Marine Engines, Product Specialist, Marine Engineer Product Specialist, Product Engineer, Product Support Engineer, Marine Engine Specialist, Technical Product Specialist, Product Support Manager. bonus, company pension, healthcare Salary: c**** Plus Annual Bonus" "['marine', 'engines', 'specialist', 'product', 'annual', 'bonus', 'contributory', 'pension', 'health', 'scheme', 'travel', 'insurance', 'death', 'days', 'holiday', 'largest', 'caterpillar', 'dealers', 'world', 'acting', 'official', 'dealer', 'east', 'west', 'africa', 'middle', 'east', 'western', 'siberia', 'offer', 'customers', 'complete', 'range', 'power', 'generation', 'construction', 'mining', 'materials', 'handling', 'equipment', 'closely', 'customers', 'offer', 'structured', 'agreements', 'local', 'parts', 'availability', 'certified', 'engineers', 'arisen', 'marine', 'engines', 'specialist', 'product', 'background', 'marine', 'diesel', 'engine', 'industry', 'superb', 'opening', 'global', 'offering', 'progression', 'prospects', 'chance', 'travel', 'internationally', 'pioneer', 'establish', 'practices', 'standards', 'rapidly', 'developing', 'market', 'sector', 'marine', 'engines', 'specialist', 'responsible', 'supporting', 'units', 'parts', 'marine', 'customers', 'create', 'strategic', 'action', 'plans', 'identify', 'gaps', 'market', 'enhance', ""client's"", 'capability', 'capacity', 'additionally', 'undertake', 'visits', 'develop', ""client's"", 'image', 'customers', 'choice', 'duties', 'include', 'frequently', 'travelling', 'engage', 'marine', 'base', 'maintain', 'relationships', 'key', 'customers', 'engaging', 'caterpillar', 'industry', 'specialists', 'coverage', 'marketing', 'plan', 'assistance', 'increasing', 'marine', 'product', 'reach', 'exceed', ""client's"", 'target', 'considered', 'demonstrable', 'diesel', 'engines', 'marine', 'propulsion', 'ideally', 'product', 'function', 'apprenticeship', 'qualification', 'diploma', 'degree', 'marine', 'engines', 'specialist', 'player', 'mentality', 'cross', 'functional', 'capacity', 'logical', 'responsible', 'great', 'reasoning', 'negotiation', 'comfortable', 'engaging', 'customers', 'problem', 'solve', 'level', 'marine', 'engines', 'specialist', 'product', 'button', 'shown', 'vacancy', 'advertised', 'web', 'recruit', 'advertised', 'web', 'recruit', 'employment', 'agency', 'additional', 'keywords', 'product', 'specialist', 'marine', 'engines', 'product', 'specialist', 'marine', 'product', 'specialist', 'product', 'product', 'marine', 'engine', 'specialist', 'technical', 'product', 'specialist', 'product', 'bonus', 'pension', 'healthcare', 'annual', 'bonus']" Engineering
"Title: Sales Manager/Medical Sales Executive
Webindex: 68258357
Company: BMS Sales Specialists LLP
Description: Sales Manager/Medical Sales Executive  Medical Software ****k  Full Benefits London South East THE COMPANY : Established since **** and growing rapidly, this company sells Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) software suites which are bespoke for the NHS. They focus on inventory management, enabling reduced patient and service level costings and thus a very real and demonstrable ROI. You will be selling to NHS trusts, dealing with senior management and procurement departments in a new business focused role. Sales contracts are typically worth in the region of ****k and are negotiated over periods of 39 months. An excellent remuneration package is on offer along with comprehensive product training. THE PERSON: The successful sales candidate will have the following skills; Strong field sales background You must have a demonstrable track record of large sales with long sales cycles A thorough knowledge of the NHS procurement system, trusts and supply chain is essential Degree calibre candidates with extensive problem solving skills and huge amounts of motivation are required THE PACKAGE: ****k Basic Salary Mileage, Mobile, Laptop, Pension, 25 Days Holidays BMS is a leading recruitment consultancy specialising in sales recruitment . Established in 1990, BMS has achieved a truly nationwide presence through a number of regional centres. The head office in Egham is ideally located to service the needs of candidates and clients alike throughout London and the South East. Offering medical sales jobs for Trainees, Sales Representatives, Sales Executives, Nurse Advisors, Area Sales Managers, Territory Managers and Account Managers, opportunities are available in every corner of the UK. Conveniently located on the M25, between the M3, M4 and M40 we are committed to meet with all potentially suitable applicants, face to face. Furthermore, our organisation consists of several highly focused teams, aimed at specific market sectors, enabling us to deliver a service directly tailored to your needs. Please visit our website at www.bmsuk.com alternatively contact one of our specialist medical sales consultants Oliver Fox or Tom Pringle on **** **** This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SalesManagerMedicalSalesExecutive_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00746.txt " Sales Manager/Medical Sales Executive" " 68258357" " BMS Sales Specialists LLP" " Sales Manager/Medical Sales Executive  Medical Software ****k  Full Benefits London South East THE COMPANY : Established since **** and growing rapidly, this company sells Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) software suites which are bespoke for the NHS. They focus on inventory management, enabling reduced patient and service level costings and thus a very real and demonstrable ROI. You will be selling to NHS trusts, dealing with senior management and procurement departments in a new business focused role. Sales contracts are typically worth in the region of ****k and are negotiated over periods of 39 months. An excellent remuneration package is on offer along with comprehensive product training. THE PERSON: The successful sales candidate will have the following skills; Strong field sales background You must have a demonstrable track record of large sales with long sales cycles A thorough knowledge of the NHS procurement system, trusts and supply chain is essential Degree calibre candidates with extensive problem solving skills and huge amounts of motivation are required THE PACKAGE: ****k Basic Salary Mileage, Mobile, Laptop, Pension, 25 Days Holidays BMS is a leading recruitment consultancy specialising in sales recruitment . Established in 1990, BMS has achieved a truly nationwide presence through a number of regional centres. The head office in Egham is ideally located to service the needs of candidates and clients alike throughout London and the South East. Offering medical sales jobs for Trainees, Sales Representatives, Sales Executives, Nurse Advisors, Area Sales Managers, Territory Managers and Account Managers, opportunities are available in every corner of the UK. Conveniently located on the M25, between the M3, M4 and M40 we are committed to meet with all potentially suitable applicants, face to face. Furthermore, our organisation consists of several highly focused teams, aimed at specific market sectors, enabling us to deliver a service directly tailored to your needs. Please visit our website at www.bmsuk.com alternatively contact one of our specialist medical sales consultants Oliver Fox or Tom Pringle on **** **** This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SalesManagerMedicalSalesExecutive_job****" "['medical', 'executive', 'medical', 'software', 'benefits', 'london', 'south', 'east', 'established', 'growing', 'rapidly', 'sells', 'enterprise', 'resource', 'planning', 'erp', 'software', 'suites', 'bespoke', 'nhs', 'focus', 'inventory', 'enabling', 'reduced', 'patient', 'level', 'real', 'demonstrable', 'roi', 'selling', 'nhs', 'trusts', 'dealing', 'senior', 'procurement', 'departments', 'focused', 'contracts', 'typically', 'worth', 'region', 'periods', 'months', 'remuneration', 'package', 'offer', 'comprehensive', 'product', 'person', 'field', 'background', 'demonstrable', 'track', 'record', 'large', 'long', 'cycles', 'nhs', 'procurement', 'system', 'trusts', 'supply', 'chain', 'essential', 'degree', 'calibre', 'candidates', 'extensive', 'problem', 'solving', 'huge', 'amounts', 'motivation', 'package', 'basic', 'mileage', 'mobile', 'laptop', 'pension', 'days', 'holidays', 'bms', 'consultancy', 'specialising', 'established', 'bms', 'achieved', 'nationwide', 'presence', 'number', 'regional', 'centres', 'head', 'office', 'egham', 'ideally', 'located', 'candidates', 'alike', 'london', 'south', 'east', 'offering', 'medical', 'jobs', 'trainees', 'representatives', 'executives', 'nurse', 'advisors', 'area', 'managers', 'territory', 'managers', 'account', 'managers', 'opportunities', 'corner', 'conveniently', 'located', 'committed', 'meet', 'potentially', 'suitable', 'applicants', 'face', 'face', 'organisation', 'consists', 'highly', 'focused', 'teams', 'aimed', 'specific', 'market', 'sectors', 'enabling', 'deliver', 'directly', 'tailored', 'visit', 'website', 'www', 'bmsuk', 'alternatively', 'contact', 'specialist', 'medical', 'consultants', 'oliver', 'fox', 'tom', 'pringle', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'salestarget', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Optical Assistant  Oxfordshire
Webindex: 71841735
Company: Inspired Selections
Description: Job Description: Inspired Selections  Optical Assistant  Oxfordshire This business is known locally for the high level of customer service that they provide. Established almost 20 years ago, they provide a friendly and professional service as well as highly competitive prices. At each of the practices, fully qualified Dispensing Opticians are on hand , and all are members of the Association of British Dispensing Opticians. This company combines the service of a small independent group with prices that compete with the larger chains, so that patients enjoy the best of both worlds. Committed to the principals of service and care. The staff are well known and respected with loyal patients. For more information, please contact Inspired Selections on **** **** ****" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00479.txt " Optical Assistant  Oxfordshire" " 71841735" " Inspired Selections" " Job Description: Inspired Selections  Optical Assistant  Oxfordshire This business is known locally for the high level of customer service that they provide. Established almost 20 years ago, they provide a friendly and professional service as well as highly competitive prices. At each of the practices, fully qualified Dispensing Opticians are on hand , and all are members of the Association of British Dispensing Opticians. This company combines the service of a small independent group with prices that compete with the larger chains, so that patients enjoy the best of both worlds. Committed to the principals of service and care. The staff are well known and respected with loyal patients. For more information, please contact Inspired Selections on **** **** ****" "['description', 'inspired', 'selections', 'optical', 'assistant', 'oxfordshire', 'locally', 'level', 'established', 'years', 'ago', 'friendly', 'professional', 'highly', 'competitive', 'prices', 'practices', 'fully', 'qualified', 'dispensing', 'opticians', 'hand', 'members', 'association', 'british', 'dispensing', 'opticians', 'small', 'independent', 'group', 'prices', 'larger', 'chains', 'patients', 'enjoy', 'worlds', 'committed', 'respected', 'loyal', 'patients', 'information', 'contact', 'inspired', 'selections']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: PERM Unit Mgr RGN Kid minster Flexi ****K due
Webindex: 71692209
Description: Job Title: Unit Manager Reporting to: Registered Manager Job Purpose: To manage in a professional manner the day to day running of the home’s administration, clinical policies and procedures, training and care planning. To implement working practices that monitors the health and welfare of the home’s service users and staff and their respective environments. To promote quality care within a warm friendly ambience. Key Result Areas Managing To work with the Directors to achieve the home’s financial targets. To manage the home in a manner which will not bring the home or service users into disrepute. To maintain confidentiality on all aspects of care and staff management. To ensure all the home’s policies and procedures are implemented and followed by all staff. To inform the Registered Manager immediately if a serious difficulty or event occurs. Managing Support To delegate responsibility effectively and within legal boundaries. To ensure through clinical standards and audits that good practice is maintained throughout the home. Nursing Duties To perform nursing duties that reflect current best practice and keep abreast of latest developments To inform the Registered Manager of any nursing and medical matters affecting the service user’s care. To assist service users with personal care which includes; using the bath / bed bath or shower, feet and nail care, hair care, shaving, mouth care, denture care, toileting needs, all daily activities as per individual care plans including tidying bed and room. To assist clients with their psychological needs, which includes; talking, listening, excursions, liaising with family, assisting with hobbies and recreation activities. To care for the service user as an individual and maintain a high level of care for their particular condition ensuring physical needs, comfort and dignity are met. To care for service user’s at their end of life in a respectful and dignified manner. To administer medication strictly in accordance with the Drug Administration policy and NMC guidelines. To assist the Registered Manager in ensuring adequate supplies of medication and correct storage as per the medication policy. To assist with serving meals and other domestic duties such as laundry, occasional cleaning etc. To deal with any internal or external communications from service users or third parties. To ensure all documentation is kept up to date and recorded accurately. To maintain records / care plans as required by the Care Quality Commission. Business Management To work both with the Directors and independently to generate enquiries and proactively deal with members of the public, and care / medical professionals, to ensure a high level of occupancy rates. To manage and have a working knowledge of the Home’s Policies and Procedures and ensure they are maintained at all times. To promote and act strictly in accordance with the Home’s Health and Safety Policy and ensure good Health and Safety practice within the working environment to comply with COSHH / RIDDOR / Environmental Health / Fire regulations and the Care Standards Act. To bring to the Directors immediate attention any item of Health and Safety importance that would be of concern and potentially needing prompt action. To have an in depth operational knowledge of all emergency procedures and ensure they are cascaded down through all the staff and service users. To attend staff meetings as arranged and to ensure other staff informed of items discussed and decisions made. To attend at least 21 hours per annum of compulsory training outlined by your personal development plan. To participate in regular reviews and an annual appraisal in order to develop your training needs in relation to skills and knowledge. To promote the good name of the Home at all times. To cover colleagues duties in times of sickness and holidays. To develop and share ideas for the improvement of practice within the home. To implement change sensitively but effectively. To replenish stocks and exercise cost / stock control. To operate within the guidelines of the Data Protection Act and ensure total confidentiality, especially with regards to staff and service users. Managing People To assist and supervise staff training. To be responsible for covering staff absences and managing disputes where appropriate. To ensure all staff contribute to the best of their ability to the efficient running of the home and that high standards are maintained. To ensure staff have the qualifications and training necessary for the duties they perform. To ensure all staff have two monthly reviews and an annual appraisal as per company policy. FURTHER DUTIES: In addition to the responsibilities listed above it may be necessary to perform other duties as required by the Home’s management or senior staff. Consideration will be given to your skills and status when given these duties. NOTE: It is expected that all duties carried out will be performed in a spirit of cooperation required from a dedicated efficient team whose prime aim is to make the service user’s stay as comfortable and enjoyable as possible." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00491.txt " PERM Unit Mgr RGN Kid minster Flexi ****K due" " 71692209"  " Job Title: Unit Manager Reporting to: Registered Manager Job Purpose: To manage in a professional manner the day to day running of the home’s administration, clinical policies and procedures, training and care planning. To implement working practices that monitors the health and welfare of the home’s service users and staff and their respective environments. To promote quality care within a warm friendly ambience. Key Result Areas Managing To work with the Directors to achieve the home’s financial targets. To manage the home in a manner which will not bring the home or service users into disrepute. To maintain confidentiality on all aspects of care and staff management. To ensure all the home’s policies and procedures are implemented and followed by all staff. To inform the Registered Manager immediately if a serious difficulty or event occurs. Managing Support To delegate responsibility effectively and within legal boundaries. To ensure through clinical standards and audits that good practice is maintained throughout the home. Nursing Duties To perform nursing duties that reflect current best practice and keep abreast of latest developments To inform the Registered Manager of any nursing and medical matters affecting the service user’s care. To assist service users with personal care which includes; using the bath / bed bath or shower, feet and nail care, hair care, shaving, mouth care, denture care, toileting needs, all daily activities as per individual care plans including tidying bed and room. To assist clients with their psychological needs, which includes; talking, listening, excursions, liaising with family, assisting with hobbies and recreation activities. To care for the service user as an individual and maintain a high level of care for their particular condition ensuring physical needs, comfort and dignity are met. To care for service user’s at their end of life in a respectful and dignified manner. To administer medication strictly in accordance with the Drug Administration policy and NMC guidelines. To assist the Registered Manager in ensuring adequate supplies of medication and correct storage as per the medication policy. To assist with serving meals and other domestic duties such as laundry, occasional cleaning etc. To deal with any internal or external communications from service users or third parties. To ensure all documentation is kept up to date and recorded accurately. To maintain records / care plans as required by the Care Quality Commission. Business Management To work both with the Directors and independently to generate enquiries and proactively deal with members of the public, and care / medical professionals, to ensure a high level of occupancy rates. To manage and have a working knowledge of the Home’s Policies and Procedures and ensure they are maintained at all times. To promote and act strictly in accordance with the Home’s Health and Safety Policy and ensure good Health and Safety practice within the working environment to comply with COSHH / RIDDOR / Environmental Health / Fire regulations and the Care Standards Act. To bring to the Directors immediate attention any item of Health and Safety importance that would be of concern and potentially needing prompt action. To have an in depth operational knowledge of all emergency procedures and ensure they are cascaded down through all the staff and service users. To attend staff meetings as arranged and to ensure other staff informed of items discussed and decisions made. To attend at least 21 hours per annum of compulsory training outlined by your personal development plan. To participate in regular reviews and an annual appraisal in order to develop your training needs in relation to skills and knowledge. To promote the good name of the Home at all times. To cover colleagues duties in times of sickness and holidays. To develop and share ideas for the improvement of practice within the home. To implement change sensitively but effectively. To replenish stocks and exercise cost / stock control. To operate within the guidelines of the Data Protection Act and ensure total confidentiality, especially with regards to staff and service users. Managing People To assist and supervise staff training. To be responsible for covering staff absences and managing disputes where appropriate. To ensure all staff contribute to the best of their ability to the efficient running of the home and that high standards are maintained. To ensure staff have the qualifications and training necessary for the duties they perform. To ensure all staff have two monthly reviews and an annual appraisal as per company policy. FURTHER DUTIES: In addition to the responsibilities listed above it may be necessary to perform other duties as required by the Home’s management or senior staff. Consideration will be given to your skills and status when given these duties. NOTE: It is expected that all duties carried out will be performed in a spirit of cooperation required from a dedicated efficient team whose prime aim is to make the service user’s stay as comfortable and enjoyable as possible." "['title', 'unit', 'reporting', 'registered', 'purpose', 'manage', 'professional', 'manner', 'day', 'day', 'running', 'administration', 'clinical', 'policies', 'procedures', 'planning', 'implement', 'practices', 'monitors', 'health', 'welfare', 'users', 'respective', 'environments', 'promote', 'quality', 'warm', 'friendly', 'key', 'result', 'areas', 'managing', 'directors', 'achieve', 'targets', 'manage', 'manner', 'bring', 'users', 'maintain', 'confidentiality', 'aspects', 'policies', 'procedures', 'implemented', 'inform', 'registered', 'immediately', 'event', 'occurs', 'managing', 'delegate', 'responsibility', 'effectively', 'legal', 'boundaries', 'clinical', 'standards', 'audits', 'practice', 'maintained', 'nursing', 'duties', 'perform', 'nursing', 'duties', 'reflect', 'current', 'practice', 'abreast', 'latest', 'developments', 'inform', 'registered', 'nursing', 'medical', 'matters', 'affecting', 'user', 'assist', 'users', 'personal', 'includes', 'bath', 'bed', 'bath', 'feet', 'hair', 'toileting', 'daily', 'activities', 'individual', 'plans', 'bed', 'room', 'assist', 'psychological', 'includes', 'talking', 'listening', 'liaising', 'family', 'assisting', 'hobbies', 'activities', 'user', 'individual', 'maintain', 'level', 'condition', 'ensuring', 'physical', 'comfort', 'dignity', 'met', 'user', 'end', 'life', 'dignified', 'manner', 'administer', 'medication', 'strictly', 'accordance', 'drug', 'administration', 'policy', 'nmc', 'guidelines', 'assist', 'registered', 'ensuring', 'adequate', 'supplies', 'medication', 'correct', 'storage', 'medication', 'policy', 'assist', 'serving', 'meals', 'domestic', 'duties', 'laundry', 'occasional', 'cleaning', 'deal', 'internal', 'external', 'communications', 'users', 'parties', 'documentation', 'date', 'recorded', 'accurately', 'maintain', 'records', 'plans', 'quality', 'commission', 'directors', 'independently', 'generate', 'enquiries', 'proactively', 'deal', 'members', 'public', 'medical', 'professionals', 'level', 'occupancy', 'rates', 'manage', 'policies', 'procedures', 'maintained', 'times', 'promote', 'act', 'strictly', 'accordance', 'health', 'safety', 'policy', 'health', 'safety', 'practice', 'environment', 'comply', 'environmental', 'health', 'fire', 'regulations', 'standards', 'act', 'bring', 'directors', 'attention', 'health', 'safety', 'importance', 'concern', 'potentially', 'needing', 'prompt', 'action', 'depth', 'operational', 'emergency', 'procedures', 'users', 'attend', 'meetings', 'arranged', 'informed', 'items', 'discussed', 'decisions', 'made', 'attend', 'hours', 'annum', 'outlined', 'personal', 'plan', 'participate', 'regular', 'reviews', 'annual', 'appraisal', 'order', 'develop', 'relation', 'promote', 'times', 'cover', 'colleagues', 'duties', 'times', 'sickness', 'holidays', 'develop', 'share', 'ideas', 'improvement', 'practice', 'implement', 'change', 'effectively', 'stocks', 'exercise', 'cost', 'stock', 'control', 'operate', 'guidelines', 'data', 'protection', 'act', 'total', 'confidentiality', 'users', 'managing', 'people', 'assist', 'supervise', 'responsible', 'covering', 'managing', 'disputes', 'contribute', 'efficient', 'running', 'standards', 'maintained', 'qualifications', 'duties', 'perform', 'monthly', 'reviews', 'annual', 'appraisal', 'policy', 'duties', 'addition', 'responsibilities', 'listed', 'perform', 'duties', 'senior', 'consideration', 'status', 'duties', 'note', 'expected', 'duties', 'carried', 'performed', 'spirit', 'cooperation', 'dedicated', 'efficient', 'prime', 'aim', 'make', 'user', 'stay', 'comfortable', 'enjoyable']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: PERM RGN's in Bangor CoDown  F/T Flexi  ****ph ExOpp  Bangor
Webindex: 71805092
Company: Kare Plus Agencies Limited
Description: KarePlus National recently secured the contract to supply several of the largest UK Residential, Elderly Care and Nursing Organisations and are recruiting THROUGHOUT THE UK in almost all geographical areas that these 700 homes cover for Minimum Qualifications: Registered General Nurse/Registered Mental NurseCurrently registered with NMCResponsible to: Home ManagerAims of post**** To ensure that high standards of resident and family care are maintained at all times, under the direction of the Home Manager.**** To maintain and motivate a professional and efficient staff and exercise leadership as part of the nursing team.**** To maintain a homely atmosphere and create a dignified environment.**** To ensure that all necessary standards are maintained in compliance with health care policy and Health Authority Guidelines.Functions**** Professional**** Administrative/Managerial**** Personnel**** Education and Training**** Professional Supervise the professional work of staff within the nursing home, in cooperation with the Home Manager in accordance with:a) NMC Code of Conductb) Policy & Procedure Manual of the nursing homec) Employee Handbookd) Company Health & Safety PolicyAssess, plan, implement and evaluate individualised care of residents.Ensure treatments are carried out as prescribed. Follow nursing home policy in respect of custody and administration of all drugs.Maintain personal contact with residents, their relatives and visitors to enhance the residents’ quality of life, and the good standing of the business.To continually update knowledge of nursing techniques and procedures and the relevant research that underpins nursing practice.Participate in the evaluation and review of policies and report to the Home Manager matters that effect policy.**** Administrative/Managerial Assist the Home Manager and his/her Deputy in the overall management of the nursing home as required.Assist in planning workloads and nursing resources as effectively as possible.Assist in maintaining stocks/stores at adequate levels, being mindful of the need for economy and good housekeeping.Ensure the safe care and custody of residents’ property in accordance with the nursing home policy.Report any accident/incident, loss or theft to the Home Manager and complete necessary statements promptly.Ensure that accurate nursing records are maintained in accordance with agreed policy.**** Personnel Maintain a working knowledge of:The Health And Safety At Work ActThe Operational Policies ManualThe Employee Handbook (for conditions of service, disciplinary/grievance procedure).Assist with the orientation of new staff to the nursing home.Assist with supervision and assessment of junior staff.**** Education & Traininga) Attend study days and courses as appropriate with regards to PREP.b) Update clinical knowledge and skills in current research and nursing theories.c) Participate in inservice training for more junior members of staff.d) Assist in the orientation programmes of all new care staff and nursing employees.e) Participate in the NVQ programme for Care Assistants.Please call the Permanent Services Recruitment and Resource team on **** ****/**** **** or our out of Hours Mobile **** **** ****Or email resourcerkareplus.co.uk or perm.managerkareplus.co.uk" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00454.txt " PERM RGN's in Bangor CoDown  F/T Flexi  ****ph ExOpp  Bangor" " 71805092" " Kare Plus Agencies Limited" " KarePlus National recently secured the contract to supply several of the largest UK Residential, Elderly Care and Nursing Organisations and are recruiting THROUGHOUT THE UK in almost all geographical areas that these 700 homes cover for Minimum Qualifications: Registered General Nurse/Registered Mental NurseCurrently registered with NMCResponsible to: Home ManagerAims of post**** To ensure that high standards of resident and family care are maintained at all times, under the direction of the Home Manager.**** To maintain and motivate a professional and efficient staff and exercise leadership as part of the nursing team.**** To maintain a homely atmosphere and create a dignified environment.**** To ensure that all necessary standards are maintained in compliance with health care policy and Health Authority Guidelines.Functions**** Professional**** Administrative/Managerial**** Personnel**** Education and Training**** Professional Supervise the professional work of staff within the nursing home, in cooperation with the Home Manager in accordance with:a) NMC Code of Conductb) Policy & Procedure Manual of the nursing homec) Employee Handbookd) Company Health & Safety PolicyAssess, plan, implement and evaluate individualised care of residents.Ensure treatments are carried out as prescribed. Follow nursing home policy in respect of custody and administration of all drugs.Maintain personal contact with residents, their relatives and visitors to enhance the residents’ quality of life, and the good standing of the business.To continually update knowledge of nursing techniques and procedures and the relevant research that underpins nursing practice.Participate in the evaluation and review of policies and report to the Home Manager matters that effect policy.**** Administrative/Managerial Assist the Home Manager and his/her Deputy in the overall management of the nursing home as required.Assist in planning workloads and nursing resources as effectively as possible.Assist in maintaining stocks/stores at adequate levels, being mindful of the need for economy and good housekeeping.Ensure the safe care and custody of residents’ property in accordance with the nursing home policy.Report any accident/incident, loss or theft to the Home Manager and complete necessary statements promptly.Ensure that accurate nursing records are maintained in accordance with agreed policy.**** Personnel Maintain a working knowledge of:The Health And Safety At Work ActThe Operational Policies ManualThe Employee Handbook (for conditions of service, disciplinary/grievance procedure).Assist with the orientation of new staff to the nursing home.Assist with supervision and assessment of junior staff.**** Education & Traininga) Attend study days and courses as appropriate with regards to PREP.b) Update clinical knowledge and skills in current research and nursing theories.c) Participate in inservice training for more junior members of staff.d) Assist in the orientation programmes of all new care staff and nursing employees.e) Participate in the NVQ programme for Care Assistants.Please call the Permanent Services Recruitment and Resource team on **** ****/**** **** or our out of Hours Mobile **** **** ****Or email resourcerkareplus.co.uk or perm.managerkareplus.co.uk" "['kareplus', 'national', 'recently', 'secured', 'contract', 'supply', 'largest', 'residential', 'elderly', 'nursing', 'organisations', 'recruiting', 'geographical', 'areas', 'homes', 'cover', 'minimum', 'qualifications', 'registered', 'general', 'nurse', 'registered', 'mental', 'registered', 'post', 'standards', 'resident', 'family', 'maintained', 'times', 'direction', 'maintain', 'motivate', 'professional', 'efficient', 'exercise', 'leadership', 'part', 'nursing', 'maintain', 'homely', 'atmosphere', 'create', 'dignified', 'environment', 'standards', 'maintained', 'compliance', 'health', 'policy', 'health', 'authority', 'guidelines', 'functions', 'professional', 'administrative', 'managerial', 'personnel', 'education', 'professional', 'supervise', 'professional', 'nursing', 'cooperation', 'accordance', 'nmc', 'code', 'policy', 'procedure', 'manual', 'nursing', 'employee', 'health', 'safety', 'plan', 'implement', 'evaluate', 'individualised', 'residents', 'treatments', 'carried', 'prescribed', 'follow', 'nursing', 'policy', 'respect', 'custody', 'administration', 'drugs', 'maintain', 'personal', 'contact', 'residents', 'relatives', 'visitors', 'enhance', 'residents', 'quality', 'life', 'standing', 'continually', 'update', 'nursing', 'techniques', 'procedures', 'relevant', 'research', 'nursing', 'practice', 'participate', 'evaluation', 'review', 'policies', 'report', 'matters', 'effect', 'policy', 'administrative', 'managerial', 'assist', 'deputy', 'nursing', 'assist', 'planning', 'workloads', 'nursing', 'resources', 'effectively', 'assist', 'maintaining', 'stocks', 'stores', 'adequate', 'levels', 'mindful', 'economy', 'housekeeping', 'safe', 'custody', 'residents', 'property', 'accordance', 'nursing', 'policy', 'report', 'accident', 'incident', 'loss', 'theft', 'complete', 'statements', 'promptly', 'accurate', 'nursing', 'records', 'maintained', 'accordance', 'agreed', 'policy', 'personnel', 'maintain', 'health', 'safety', 'operational', 'policies', 'employee', 'handbook', 'conditions', 'disciplinary', 'procedure', 'assist', 'orientation', 'nursing', 'assist', 'supervision', 'assessment', 'junior', 'education', 'attend', 'study', 'days', 'courses', 'prep', 'update', 'clinical', 'current', 'research', 'nursing', 'participate', 'inservice', 'junior', 'members', 'assist', 'orientation', 'programmes', 'nursing', 'employees', 'participate', 'nvq', 'programme', 'assistants', 'call', 'permanent', 'resource', 'hours', 'mobile', 'email', 'perm']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Ecommerce Country Manager (Netherlands)
Webindex: 65101527
Company: Euro London Appointments
Description: Ecommerce Country Manager (Netherlands)  ****k My client, a fast growing specialist online retailer is seeking to recruit an Ecommerce Country Manager with fluent Dutch to join its growing team in London. In this role, main responsibilities will include, • P&L for the target market • Drive the growth strategically of the Dutch market • Be responsible for sales in the Dutch market • Realization of pricing strategy of the Dutch market • Regular liaison with manufacturers • Support marketing team The successful candidate will speak Dutch and English fluently and will have a strong business development background in ecommerce. The candidate will have a strong understanding of the Dutch market as well as having excellent interpersonal skills, good organizational skills, an exceptional eye for detail and will also be a hard worker. The candidate will not have a **** mentality and will have excellent analytical skills (particularly with a good knowledge of MS Excel) as well as being of Graduate caliber (preferably with an MBA). This is an excellent opportunity to join a growing and exciting company  please note we can only consider candidates who are eligible to work in the UK and who fit the criteria mentioned above. If you have the relevant experience and are interested in this opportunity, please contact Michael Classen at Euro London Appointments – m.classeneurolondon.com or **** (****)**** **** **** Thank you for applying to Euro London Appointments, the UK's largest independent language consultancy. We aim to respond as promptly as possible to your application, however, due to the high level of CV's we receive, we are only able to respond to applicants whose profile matches our Clients requirements. To enquire about other vacancies please visit our website at www.eurolondon.com." 3 data/Sales\Job_00745.txt " Ecommerce Country Manager (Netherlands)" " 65101527" " Euro London Appointments" " Ecommerce Country Manager (Netherlands)  ****k My client, a fast growing specialist online retailer is seeking to recruit an Ecommerce Country Manager with fluent Dutch to join its growing team in London. In this role, main responsibilities will include, • P&L for the target market • Drive the growth strategically of the Dutch market • Be responsible for sales in the Dutch market • Realization of pricing strategy of the Dutch market • Regular liaison with manufacturers • Support marketing team The successful candidate will speak Dutch and English fluently and will have a strong business development background in ecommerce. The candidate will have a strong understanding of the Dutch market as well as having excellent interpersonal skills, good organizational skills, an exceptional eye for detail and will also be a hard worker. The candidate will not have a **** mentality and will have excellent analytical skills (particularly with a good knowledge of MS Excel) as well as being of Graduate caliber (preferably with an MBA). This is an excellent opportunity to join a growing and exciting company  please note we can only consider candidates who are eligible to work in the UK and who fit the criteria mentioned above. If you have the relevant experience and are interested in this opportunity, please contact Michael Classen at Euro London Appointments – m.classeneurolondon.com or **** (****)**** **** **** Thank you for applying to Euro London Appointments, the UK's largest independent language consultancy. We aim to respond as promptly as possible to your application, however, due to the high level of CV's we receive, we are only able to respond to applicants whose profile matches our Clients requirements. To enquire about other vacancies please visit our website at www.eurolondon.com." "['ecommerce', 'country', 'fast', 'growing', 'specialist', 'online', 'retailer', 'seeking', 'recruit', 'ecommerce', 'country', 'fluent', 'dutch', 'growing', 'london', 'main', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'target', 'market', 'drive', 'growth', 'strategically', 'dutch', 'market', 'responsible', 'dutch', 'market', 'pricing', 'strategy', 'dutch', 'market', 'regular', 'liaison', 'manufacturers', 'marketing', 'speak', 'dutch', 'english', 'fluently', 'background', 'ecommerce', 'understanding', 'dutch', 'market', 'interpersonal', 'organizational', 'exceptional', 'eye', 'detail', 'hard', 'worker', 'mentality', 'analytical', 'ms', 'excel', 'graduate', 'preferably', 'mba', 'growing', 'exciting', 'note', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'fit', 'criteria', 'mentioned', 'relevant', 'interested', 'contact', 'michael', 'euro', 'london', 'appointments', 'applying', 'euro', 'london', 'appointments', ""uk's"", 'largest', 'independent', 'language', 'consultancy', 'aim', 'respond', 'promptly', 'application', 'due', 'level', 'receive', 'respond', 'applicants', 'profile', 'matches', 'requirements', 'enquire', 'vacancies', 'visit', 'website', 'www']" Sales
"Title: Business Development Manager  Leading Financial Lending PLC
Webindex: 68256188
Description: Business Development Manager  Leading Financial Lending PLCCrawley (RH****)****  **** pa plus bonus potentialThe Opportunity:We are the market leaders in Home Collected credit.Even in today s economic climate, some businesses are still growing and we re happy to be one of them. In fact, tough times mean that more and more people trust us to offer them financial products that put them in control.Our responsible approach to lending means we continue to be both sound and profitable. That s great news if you re looking for a career that offers both stability and opportunity. The Business Development Manager Role:As a Business Development Manager, you ll monitor and provide structured support to a group of selfemployed agents who lend and collect on our behalf, so good communication, analytical motivational skills are essential. You ll also be visiting customers in their homes, responding to their individual needs, so naturally you'll need the ability to deal with a variety of different circumstances. Using Management Information as a decision making tool plays a large part in this role, therefore your Excel skills will be well developed.Don t worry if you don t have any previous experience in the financial services sector we ll give you a comprehensive induction. You can also expect an ongoing management development programme to equip you with all the skills and knowledge you need.It s a role as varied as it is satisfying. But to succeed in it, you must hold a full driving licence and have access to a vehicle for work use. In return, we ll offer you a competitive salary package with bonus, 25 days holiday, pension and generous mileage allowance.Candidates must provide proof of eligibility to work in the UK when requested.We are an Equal Opportunities Employer.You may have worked in the following capacities:Lending Sales, Senior Sales Executive, Financial Services, Loans Underwriter, Field Sales Executive, Relationship Manager. Application Statement:By applying for this role you give express consent for us to process submit (subject to required skills) your application to our client. The Business Development Manager role is brought to you by RecruitmentRevolution. com The UK's first online recruitment agency created ****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00649.txt " Business Development Manager  Leading Financial Lending PLC" " 68256188"  " Business Development Manager  Leading Financial Lending PLCCrawley (RH****)****  **** pa plus bonus potentialThe Opportunity:We are the market leaders in Home Collected credit.Even in today s economic climate, some businesses are still growing and we re happy to be one of them. In fact, tough times mean that more and more people trust us to offer them financial products that put them in control.Our responsible approach to lending means we continue to be both sound and profitable. That s great news if you re looking for a career that offers both stability and opportunity. The Business Development Manager Role:As a Business Development Manager, you ll monitor and provide structured support to a group of selfemployed agents who lend and collect on our behalf, so good communication, analytical motivational skills are essential. You ll also be visiting customers in their homes, responding to their individual needs, so naturally you'll need the ability to deal with a variety of different circumstances. Using Management Information as a decision making tool plays a large part in this role, therefore your Excel skills will be well developed.Don t worry if you don t have any previous experience in the financial services sector we ll give you a comprehensive induction. You can also expect an ongoing management development programme to equip you with all the skills and knowledge you need.It s a role as varied as it is satisfying. But to succeed in it, you must hold a full driving licence and have access to a vehicle for work use. In return, we ll offer you a competitive salary package with bonus, 25 days holiday, pension and generous mileage allowance.Candidates must provide proof of eligibility to work in the UK when requested.We are an Equal Opportunities Employer.You may have worked in the following capacities:Lending Sales, Senior Sales Executive, Financial Services, Loans Underwriter, Field Sales Executive, Relationship Manager. Application Statement:By applying for this role you give express consent for us to process submit (subject to required skills) your application to our client. The Business Development Manager role is brought to you by RecruitmentRevolution. com The UK's first online recruitment agency created ****" "['lending', 'pa', 'bonus', 'market', 'leaders', 'collected', 'credit', 'today', 'economic', 'climate', 'businesses', 'growing', 'happy', 'fact', 'tough', 'times', 'people', 'trust', 'offer', 'products', 'put', 'control', 'responsible', 'approach', 'lending', 'means', 'continue', 'sound', 'profitable', 'great', 'news', 'career', 'offers', 'stability', 'll', 'monitor', 'structured', 'group', 'selfemployed', 'agents', 'lend', 'collect', 'behalf', 'communication', 'analytical', 'motivational', 'essential', 'll', 'visiting', 'customers', 'homes', 'responding', 'individual', 'naturally', 'deal', 'variety', 'circumstances', 'information', 'decision', 'making', 'tool', 'plays', 'large', 'part', 'excel', 'developed', 'don', 'worry', 'don', 'previous', 'sector', 'll', 'give', 'comprehensive', 'induction', 'expect', 'ongoing', 'programme', 'varied', 'succeed', 'hold', 'driving', 'licence', 'access', 'vehicle', 'return', 'll', 'offer', 'competitive', 'package', 'bonus', 'days', 'holiday', 'pension', 'generous', 'mileage', 'allowance', 'candidates', 'proof', 'eligibility', 'requested', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer', 'worked', 'lending', 'senior', 'executive', 'loans', 'underwriter', 'field', 'executive', 'relationship', 'application', 'statement', 'applying', 'give', 'express', 'consent', 'process', 'submit', 'subject', 'application', ""uk's"", 'online', 'agency', 'created']" Sales
"Title: Dynamics AX Finance Consultant, London, c****k
Webindex: 72198878
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Dynamics AX Finance Consultant, London, c****k I am currently searching for an experienced Dynamics AX Finance Consultant for a leading Ms Dynamics end user in the London area. My clients are looking to expand their current Dynamics AX team, due to their levels of success in 2012 giving them opportunity for company expansion, allowing them continue their growth in their respective Industry. They are looking for an experienced Dynamics AX Finance consultant, who has a very good understanding of meeting client's needs, and strong consultancy skills across the board. Specifically they are looking for;  At least 2 years' Consulting experience of Dynamics AX / AXAPTA (preferably some exposure to AX 2012)  A passion for client facing work  Excellent communication/consultancy skills  Good understanding of financial modules  Desirable  accounting background Candidates with Certifications in AX / AXAPTA Financials will have a significant advantage (although candidates with extensive experience will be considered) My client offers a very rewarding package with a basic salary of c****k, and an annual bonus, There is also the choice of company car or generous car allowance and business fuel paid for. Laptop and Mobile phone come as standard and the opportunity to work from home is available and negotiable depending on candidate experience and project phase. To discuss this role and for other impressive Dynamics AX / Axapta positions please send your CV or call Sam Cook on N/A in complete confidence. Nigel Frank International is the leading Dynamics AX / Axapta recruitment firm in the UK, advertising more Dynamics jobs than any other agency. We deal with both Microsoft Partners and End Users throughout the UK and Europe and we have never had more live requirements jobs for Microsoft Dynamics AX / Axapta professionals. By specialising solely in placing candidates in the market I have built relationships with key employers in the UK and have an unrivalled understanding of where the best opportunities Dynamics AX / Axapta jobs are. Please visit (url removed) for more exciting Dynamics AX / Axapta opportunities. Dynamics AX / Axapta / Dynamics / Finance / Functional Consultant / Finance Consultant / MOSS / SharePoint / SharePoint / Sales / Sales Consultant / Consultant / Sales Executive / International / Greater London/ Buckinghamshire/ Surrey/ Sussex/ Kent" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00259.txt " Dynamics AX Finance Consultant, London, c****k" " 72198878" " UKStaffsearch" " Dynamics AX Finance Consultant, London, c****k I am currently searching for an experienced Dynamics AX Finance Consultant for a leading Ms Dynamics end user in the London area. My clients are looking to expand their current Dynamics AX team, due to their levels of success in 2012 giving them opportunity for company expansion, allowing them continue their growth in their respective Industry. They are looking for an experienced Dynamics AX Finance consultant, who has a very good understanding of meeting client's needs, and strong consultancy skills across the board. Specifically they are looking for;  At least 2 years' Consulting experience of Dynamics AX / AXAPTA (preferably some exposure to AX 2012)  A passion for client facing work  Excellent communication/consultancy skills  Good understanding of financial modules  Desirable  accounting background Candidates with Certifications in AX / AXAPTA Financials will have a significant advantage (although candidates with extensive experience will be considered) My client offers a very rewarding package with a basic salary of c****k, and an annual bonus, There is also the choice of company car or generous car allowance and business fuel paid for. Laptop and Mobile phone come as standard and the opportunity to work from home is available and negotiable depending on candidate experience and project phase. To discuss this role and for other impressive Dynamics AX / Axapta positions please send your CV or call Sam Cook on N/A in complete confidence. Nigel Frank International is the leading Dynamics AX / Axapta recruitment firm in the UK, advertising more Dynamics jobs than any other agency. We deal with both Microsoft Partners and End Users throughout the UK and Europe and we have never had more live requirements jobs for Microsoft Dynamics AX / Axapta professionals. By specialising solely in placing candidates in the market I have built relationships with key employers in the UK and have an unrivalled understanding of where the best opportunities Dynamics AX / Axapta jobs are. Please visit (url removed) for more exciting Dynamics AX / Axapta opportunities. Dynamics AX / Axapta / Dynamics / Finance / Functional Consultant / Finance Consultant / MOSS / SharePoint / SharePoint / Sales / Sales Consultant / Consultant / Sales Executive / International / Greater London/ Buckinghamshire/ Surrey/ Sussex/ Kent" "['dynamics', 'ax', 'finance', 'consultant', 'london', 'searching', 'experienced', 'dynamics', 'ax', 'finance', 'consultant', 'ms', 'dynamics', 'end', 'user', 'london', 'area', 'expand', 'current', 'dynamics', 'ax', 'due', 'levels', 'success', 'giving', 'expansion', 'allowing', 'continue', 'growth', 'respective', 'industry', 'experienced', 'dynamics', 'ax', 'finance', 'consultant', 'understanding', 'meeting', ""client's"", 'consultancy', 'board', 'specifically', 'years', 'consulting', 'dynamics', 'ax', 'axapta', 'preferably', 'exposure', 'ax', 'passion', 'facing', 'communication', 'consultancy', 'understanding', 'modules', 'desirable', 'accounting', 'background', 'candidates', 'certifications', 'ax', 'axapta', 'financials', 'significant', 'advantage', 'candidates', 'extensive', 'considered', 'offers', 'rewarding', 'package', 'basic', 'annual', 'bonus', 'choice', 'car', 'generous', 'car', 'allowance', 'fuel', 'paid', 'laptop', 'mobile', 'phone', 'standard', 'negotiable', 'depending', 'project', 'phase', 'discuss', 'impressive', 'dynamics', 'ax', 'axapta', 'positions', 'send', 'cv', 'call', 'sam', 'complete', 'confidence', 'nigel', 'frank', 'international', 'dynamics', 'ax', 'axapta', 'firm', 'advertising', 'dynamics', 'jobs', 'agency', 'deal', 'microsoft', 'partners', 'end', 'users', 'europe', 'live', 'requirements', 'jobs', 'microsoft', 'dynamics', 'ax', 'axapta', 'professionals', 'specialising', 'solely', 'placing', 'candidates', 'market', 'built', 'relationships', 'key', 'employers', 'unrivalled', 'understanding', 'opportunities', 'dynamics', 'ax', 'axapta', 'jobs', 'visit', 'url', 'removed', 'exciting', 'dynamics', 'ax', 'axapta', 'opportunities', 'dynamics', 'ax', 'axapta', 'dynamics', 'finance', 'functional', 'consultant', 'finance', 'consultant', 'sharepoint', 'sharepoint', 'consultant', 'consultant', 'executive', 'international', 'greater', 'london', 'buckinghamshire', 'surrey', 'sussex', 'kent']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Nursing Home Manager  Crawley
Webindex: 68573837
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Home Manager  Nursing Home  Crawley, West Sussex up to **** I am currently recruiting for an experienced Home Manager to manage a medium sized nursing home in the Crawley area, this home specializes in offering care to Elderly services users. This is a fantastic opportunity for a Home Manager (nurse qualified not essential) to join a national organisation that encourages individuality, openness and leadership at all levels of employment and strive to provide market leading training so that the stable staff group can understand and assist each other. The role includes: . Accountability for all aspects of service provision supporting happy living and meeting/exceeding customer expectations . Delivery of a service which is economically viable and where resources are managed effectively . Responsibility for service which must meet Care Quality Commission (CQC) essential standards . Management of a team of senior staff members and their performance . Management of budgets The ideal candidate will be/have: . Previous people management experience . Experience of managing a budget and working to a business plan . An understanding of CQC essential standards . Knowledge of a care setting and the needs of older people . Experience of working to targets . Business planning and budget management experience . Experience of working in a customer focused environment . Level 5 Leadership in management would be advantageous but not essential If you are looking for role you can make your own and the exciting challenge of driving a home forward then please contact James at Liquid Personnel on N/A or email j.lewis N/A" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00603.txt " Nursing Home Manager  Crawley" " 68573837" " UKStaffsearch" " Home Manager  Nursing Home  Crawley, West Sussex up to **** I am currently recruiting for an experienced Home Manager to manage a medium sized nursing home in the Crawley area, this home specializes in offering care to Elderly services users. This is a fantastic opportunity for a Home Manager (nurse qualified not essential) to join a national organisation that encourages individuality, openness and leadership at all levels of employment and strive to provide market leading training so that the stable staff group can understand and assist each other. The role includes: . Accountability for all aspects of service provision supporting happy living and meeting/exceeding customer expectations . Delivery of a service which is economically viable and where resources are managed effectively . Responsibility for service which must meet Care Quality Commission (CQC) essential standards . Management of a team of senior staff members and their performance . Management of budgets The ideal candidate will be/have: . Previous people management experience . Experience of managing a budget and working to a business plan . An understanding of CQC essential standards . Knowledge of a care setting and the needs of older people . Experience of working to targets . Business planning and budget management experience . Experience of working in a customer focused environment . Level 5 Leadership in management would be advantageous but not essential If you are looking for role you can make your own and the exciting challenge of driving a home forward then please contact James at Liquid Personnel on N/A or email j.lewis N/A" "['nursing', 'crawley', 'west', 'sussex', 'recruiting', 'experienced', 'manage', 'medium', 'sized', 'nursing', 'crawley', 'area', 'specializes', 'offering', 'elderly', 'users', 'fantastic', 'nurse', 'qualified', 'essential', 'national', 'organisation', 'encourages', 'individuality', 'leadership', 'levels', 'employment', 'strive', 'market', 'stable', 'group', 'understand', 'assist', 'includes', 'accountability', 'aspects', 'provision', 'supporting', 'happy', 'living', 'meeting', 'exceeding', 'expectations', 'delivery', 'resources', 'managed', 'effectively', 'responsibility', 'meet', 'quality', 'commission', 'cqc', 'essential', 'standards', 'senior', 'members', 'performance', 'budgets', 'ideal', 'previous', 'people', 'managing', 'budget', 'plan', 'understanding', 'cqc', 'essential', 'standards', 'setting', 'older', 'people', 'targets', 'planning', 'budget', 'focused', 'environment', 'level', 'leadership', 'advantageous', 'essential', 'make', 'exciting', 'challenge', 'driving', 'forward', 'contact', 'james', 'liquid', 'personnel', 'email', 'lewis']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Registered Mental Nurse  RMN  Cramlington
Webindex: 67749541
Company: Four Seasons Health Care
Description: Site or Unit :Beacon Farm Care HomeAddress :Beacon LaneCramlingtonNorthumberlandNE**** ****AZ Contracted Weekly Hours : ****Beacon Farm Care Home is a 43 bed care home offering EMI nursing care including, short term, intermediate, respite, palliative and EMI residential care. Beacon Farm Lodge Care Home is an integral part of Cramlington. Situated within a short distance of a wide range of local amenities including shops, banks and restaurants. Churches of several denominations are also nearby.As a Registered Mental Nurse (RMN) what do you need to do to make this happen? Ensure the delivery of quality care  continually assessing our residents' needs and wishes, developing the service to enhance their quality of life. Encourage independence and personal choice – develop, review and update care plans to meet our clients changing physical, social and psychological needs. Positively influence the reputation of the home  communicating professionally and warmly with visitors including family, friends and other external stakeholders. Comply with all legal, regulatory and best practice guidelines – risk to all is minimised and vulnerable clients are appropriately protected. Undertake all aspects of medicine management – ensuring medicines are appropriately received, stored and administered to our clients. Promote high standards of nursing care for you and your team, actively seeking ways to improve levels of service. Take a leadership role for shifts – ensuring all staff are supervised appropriately and the shift runs in a smooth efficient manner. Take an active role in the development of yourself and others – ensure that the team's skill and knowledge levels are able to meet the changing needs of the business. Ensure medicines are appropriately received, stored and administered to our clients. Promote high standards of nursing care for you and your team, by ensuring all staff are supervised appropriately and the shift runs in a smooth efficient manner. Ensure that the team's skill and knowledge levels are able to meet the changing needs of the business." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00583.txt " Registered Mental Nurse  RMN  Cramlington" " 67749541" " Four Seasons Health Care" " Site or Unit :Beacon Farm Care HomeAddress :Beacon LaneCramlingtonNorthumberlandNE**** ****AZ Contracted Weekly Hours : ****Beacon Farm Care Home is a 43 bed care home offering EMI nursing care including, short term, intermediate, respite, palliative and EMI residential care. Beacon Farm Lodge Care Home is an integral part of Cramlington. Situated within a short distance of a wide range of local amenities including shops, banks and restaurants. Churches of several denominations are also nearby.As a Registered Mental Nurse (RMN) what do you need to do to make this happen? Ensure the delivery of quality care  continually assessing our residents' needs and wishes, developing the service to enhance their quality of life. Encourage independence and personal choice – develop, review and update care plans to meet our clients changing physical, social and psychological needs. Positively influence the reputation of the home  communicating professionally and warmly with visitors including family, friends and other external stakeholders. Comply with all legal, regulatory and best practice guidelines – risk to all is minimised and vulnerable clients are appropriately protected. Undertake all aspects of medicine management – ensuring medicines are appropriately received, stored and administered to our clients. Promote high standards of nursing care for you and your team, actively seeking ways to improve levels of service. Take a leadership role for shifts – ensuring all staff are supervised appropriately and the shift runs in a smooth efficient manner. Take an active role in the development of yourself and others – ensure that the team's skill and knowledge levels are able to meet the changing needs of the business. Ensure medicines are appropriately received, stored and administered to our clients. Promote high standards of nursing care for you and your team, by ensuring all staff are supervised appropriately and the shift runs in a smooth efficient manner. Ensure that the team's skill and knowledge levels are able to meet the changing needs of the business." "['site', 'unit', 'beacon', 'farm', 'beacon', 'contracted', 'weekly', 'hours', 'beacon', 'farm', 'bed', 'offering', 'emi', 'nursing', 'short', 'term', 'intermediate', 'respite', 'palliative', 'emi', 'residential', 'beacon', 'farm', 'lodge', 'integral', 'part', 'situated', 'short', 'distance', 'wide', 'range', 'local', 'amenities', 'shops', 'banks', 'restaurants', 'nearby', 'registered', 'mental', 'nurse', 'rmn', 'make', 'happen', 'delivery', 'quality', 'continually', 'assessing', 'residents', 'wishes', 'developing', 'enhance', 'quality', 'life', 'encourage', 'independence', 'personal', 'choice', 'develop', 'review', 'update', 'plans', 'meet', 'changing', 'physical', 'social', 'psychological', 'positively', 'influence', 'reputation', 'communicating', 'professionally', 'warmly', 'visitors', 'family', 'friends', 'external', 'stakeholders', 'comply', 'legal', 'regulatory', 'practice', 'guidelines', 'risk', 'vulnerable', 'appropriately', 'protected', 'undertake', 'aspects', 'medicine', 'ensuring', 'medicines', 'appropriately', 'received', 'stored', 'administered', 'promote', 'standards', 'nursing', 'actively', 'seeking', 'ways', 'improve', 'levels', 'leadership', 'shifts', 'ensuring', 'supervised', 'appropriately', 'shift', 'runs', 'smooth', 'efficient', 'manner', 'active', ""team's"", 'skill', 'levels', 'meet', 'changing', 'medicines', 'appropriately', 'received', 'stored', 'administered', 'promote', 'standards', 'nursing', 'ensuring', 'supervised', 'appropriately', 'shift', 'runs', 'smooth', 'efficient', 'manner', ""team's"", 'skill', 'levels', 'meet', 'changing']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Nurses needed for Care Homes Halifax
Webindex: 71691899
Description: Nurse Halifax, Huddersfield & Bradford ****  **** per hour Care Homes Reference: NUHALCH**** Job Description: Advantage Healthcare are currently looking for Nurses to work day and night shifts in residential and nursing homes around Halifax, Huddersfield and Bradford area. We are looking for reliable and commited Nurses. Benefits:  Flexible hours to suit you  Competitive rates of pay  Holiday pay  Members Loyalty program  Specialist training to further develop your career  CRB Reimbursement scheme  Access to exclusive discounts for High Street stores, travel and other leisure activities  Work with some of the UK’s most prestigious companies and individuals To Apply: Apply online now enclosing your current CV and covering letter, alternatively call our Recruitment Line on **** **** **** **** To be successful you must be able to supply clinical references that cover recent skills and experience. Applicants subject to enhanced level CRB. Advantage Healthcare is an equal opportunities employer (AGY)." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00610.txt " Nurses needed for Care Homes Halifax" " 71691899"  " Nurse Halifax, Huddersfield & Bradford ****  **** per hour Care Homes Reference: NUHALCH**** Job Description: Advantage Healthcare are currently looking for Nurses to work day and night shifts in residential and nursing homes around Halifax, Huddersfield and Bradford area. We are looking for reliable and commited Nurses. Benefits:  Flexible hours to suit you  Competitive rates of pay  Holiday pay  Members Loyalty program  Specialist training to further develop your career  CRB Reimbursement scheme  Access to exclusive discounts for High Street stores, travel and other leisure activities  Work with some of the UK’s most prestigious companies and individuals To Apply: Apply online now enclosing your current CV and covering letter, alternatively call our Recruitment Line on **** **** **** **** To be successful you must be able to supply clinical references that cover recent skills and experience. Applicants subject to enhanced level CRB. Advantage Healthcare is an equal opportunities employer (AGY)." "['nurse', 'halifax', 'huddersfield', 'bradford', 'hour', 'homes', 'reference', 'description', 'advantage', 'healthcare', 'nurses', 'day', 'night', 'shifts', 'residential', 'nursing', 'homes', 'halifax', 'huddersfield', 'bradford', 'area', 'reliable', 'commited', 'nurses', 'benefits', 'flexible', 'hours', 'suit', 'competitive', 'rates', 'pay', 'holiday', 'pay', 'members', 'loyalty', 'program', 'specialist', 'develop', 'career', 'crb', 'reimbursement', 'scheme', 'access', 'exclusive', 'discounts', 'street', 'stores', 'travel', 'leisure', 'activities', 'prestigious', 'companies', 'individuals', 'online', 'enclosing', 'current', 'cv', 'covering', 'letter', 'alternatively', 'call', 'line', 'supply', 'clinical', 'references', 'cover', 'recent', 'applicants', 'subject', 'enhanced', 'level', 'crb', 'advantage', 'healthcare', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer', 'agy']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Head of Financial Planning Analysis  permanent or contract
Webindex: 71139623
Company: Talentarc
Description: Unique opportunity to build a new FP&A function at a fast growing, well known media business. Reporting directly to the CFO, you will recruit and develop a small FP&A team dealing with with planning and forecasting of multiple businesses, developing and building forecasting models, management reporting, headcount planning and KPI reporting. Applicants for this role must have headed up a similar function ideally within the media sector. This is an urgent requirement so candidates available on a temp to perm or contract basis will be favoured." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00394.txt " Head of Financial Planning Analysis  permanent or contract" " 71139623" " Talentarc" " Unique opportunity to build a new FP&A function at a fast growing, well known media business. Reporting directly to the CFO, you will recruit and develop a small FP&A team dealing with with planning and forecasting of multiple businesses, developing and building forecasting models, management reporting, headcount planning and KPI reporting. Applicants for this role must have headed up a similar function ideally within the media sector. This is an urgent requirement so candidates available on a temp to perm or contract basis will be favoured." "['unique', 'build', 'fp', 'function', 'fast', 'growing', 'media', 'reporting', 'directly', 'cfo', 'recruit', 'develop', 'small', 'fp', 'dealing', 'planning', 'forecasting', 'multiple', 'businesses', 'developing', 'building', 'forecasting', 'models', 'reporting', 'headcount', 'planning', 'kpi', 'reporting', 'applicants', 'headed', 'similar', 'function', 'ideally', 'media', 'sector', 'urgent', 'requirement', 'candidates', 'temp', 'perm', 'contract', 'basis']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Deputy Branch Manager  Folkestone
Webindex: 72443411
Company: Carewatch
Description: Deputy Branch Manager  Folkestone Carewatch is a leading national home care provider. For almost two decades, we have helped many thousands of people get the best out of life by supporting independent living, enabling people to stay at home and in their own community. Our offices in Kent, which trade as Safehands, are now looking to recruit an experienced Deputy Manager to assist in running the busy branch. Duties will include: To support the Branch Manager in the daily management of the branch Manage and supervise day to day staffing operations including team performance, supervisions and appraisals of Care Coordinators, Field Care Supervisors and Administrative staff To be responsible for ensuring that all care calls are covered on a day to day basis Oversee that all files and electronic records are maintained Deputise for the Branch Manager in their absence Manage the recruitment process in a timely manner Support the Branch Manager to ensure payroll is delivered on time Manage and implement the oncall rota to ensure essential out of hours service delivery To contribute to reports and maintain monitoring systems as required by the Branch Manager To undertake any relevant additional tasks as required by the Branch Manager in a flexible way to ensure safe service delivery that meets the needs of the business The successful candidate must possess a minimum of NVQ level 3 in Health and Social Care or equivalent and have previous supervisory or management experience. Excellent communication and organisational skills are also essential. This is a superb opportunity for a switched on, enthusiastic, reliable individual with a ‘can do’ attitude. The position comes with a competitive starting salary so for further information, please apply today. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DeputyBranchManagerFolkestone_job****" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00507.txt " Deputy Branch Manager  Folkestone" " 72443411" " Carewatch" " Deputy Branch Manager  Folkestone Carewatch is a leading national home care provider. For almost two decades, we have helped many thousands of people get the best out of life by supporting independent living, enabling people to stay at home and in their own community. Our offices in Kent, which trade as Safehands, are now looking to recruit an experienced Deputy Manager to assist in running the busy branch. Duties will include: To support the Branch Manager in the daily management of the branch Manage and supervise day to day staffing operations including team performance, supervisions and appraisals of Care Coordinators, Field Care Supervisors and Administrative staff To be responsible for ensuring that all care calls are covered on a day to day basis Oversee that all files and electronic records are maintained Deputise for the Branch Manager in their absence Manage the recruitment process in a timely manner Support the Branch Manager to ensure payroll is delivered on time Manage and implement the oncall rota to ensure essential out of hours service delivery To contribute to reports and maintain monitoring systems as required by the Branch Manager To undertake any relevant additional tasks as required by the Branch Manager in a flexible way to ensure safe service delivery that meets the needs of the business The successful candidate must possess a minimum of NVQ level 3 in Health and Social Care or equivalent and have previous supervisory or management experience. Excellent communication and organisational skills are also essential. This is a superb opportunity for a switched on, enthusiastic, reliable individual with a ‘can do’ attitude. The position comes with a competitive starting salary so for further information, please apply today. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DeputyBranchManagerFolkestone_job****" "['deputy', 'branch', 'national', 'provider', 'decades', 'thousands', 'people', 'life', 'supporting', 'independent', 'living', 'enabling', 'people', 'stay', 'community', 'offices', 'kent', 'trade', 'recruit', 'experienced', 'deputy', 'assist', 'running', 'busy', 'branch', 'duties', 'include', 'branch', 'daily', 'branch', 'manage', 'supervise', 'day', 'day', 'staffing', 'operations', 'performance', 'supervisions', 'appraisals', 'coordinators', 'field', 'supervisors', 'administrative', 'responsible', 'ensuring', 'calls', 'covered', 'day', 'day', 'basis', 'oversee', 'files', 'electronic', 'records', 'maintained', 'deputise', 'branch', 'absence', 'manage', 'process', 'timely', 'manner', 'branch', 'payroll', 'delivered', 'time', 'manage', 'implement', 'oncall', 'rota', 'essential', 'hours', 'delivery', 'contribute', 'reports', 'maintain', 'monitoring', 'branch', 'undertake', 'relevant', 'additional', 'tasks', 'branch', 'flexible', 'safe', 'delivery', 'meets', 'possess', 'minimum', 'nvq', 'level', 'health', 'social', 'equivalent', 'previous', 'supervisory', 'communication', 'organisational', 'essential', 'superb', 'enthusiastic', 'reliable', 'individual', 'attitude', 'competitive', 'starting', 'information', 'today', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Professional B2B Telesales  Trainees Gladly Accepted
Webindex: 69799351
Company: Recruitment Genius
Description: If you have the right attitude, plus persistence, professionalism, and determination, we will give you the tools, training, backing and time to succeed. Neither do we make false promises to those who show the right commitment  last year our trainee Sales person earned enough to buy his first house, aged just **** Now our rapidly expanding and Award winning internet business is offering more Sales opportunities for enthusiastic Telesales professionals ? either experienced or trainees, who are determined enough to drive Sales, build the business further, and earn themselves the income they deserve. No sector experience is necessary since attitude, a good telephone manner, and genuine interest in our business and empathy with customers are more important. Full training and support is given so you can confidently hit the phones and close business in a single call. For every sale we offer an extremely generous commission structure so you can quickly start to earn. You?ll also get great support with lead generation tools, a first class website, and an ongoing commitment to state of the art technology and innovation. Remember too, that this is a business whose achievements regularly features in media such as the Financial Times and the BBC, and whose service is already used by a wide range of companies ranging from small enterprises right through to the largest plcs. If you think you have the ?right stuff? to join our team, apply today, and tell us what you can offer in return. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProfessionalB2BTelesalesTraineesGladlyAccepted_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00696.txt " Professional B2B Telesales  Trainees Gladly Accepted" " 69799351" " Recruitment Genius" " If you have the right attitude, plus persistence, professionalism, and determination, we will give you the tools, training, backing and time to succeed. Neither do we make false promises to those who show the right commitment  last year our trainee Sales person earned enough to buy his first house, aged just **** Now our rapidly expanding and Award winning internet business is offering more Sales opportunities for enthusiastic Telesales professionals ? either experienced or trainees, who are determined enough to drive Sales, build the business further, and earn themselves the income they deserve. No sector experience is necessary since attitude, a good telephone manner, and genuine interest in our business and empathy with customers are more important. Full training and support is given so you can confidently hit the phones and close business in a single call. For every sale we offer an extremely generous commission structure so you can quickly start to earn. You?ll also get great support with lead generation tools, a first class website, and an ongoing commitment to state of the art technology and innovation. Remember too, that this is a business whose achievements regularly features in media such as the Financial Times and the BBC, and whose service is already used by a wide range of companies ranging from small enterprises right through to the largest plcs. If you think you have the ?right stuff? to join our team, apply today, and tell us what you can offer in return. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProfessionalB2BTelesalesTraineesGladlyAccepted_job****" "['attitude', 'professionalism', 'determination', 'give', 'tools', 'backing', 'time', 'succeed', 'make', 'false', 'promises', 'show', 'commitment', 'year', 'trainee', 'person', 'earned', 'buy', 'house', 'aged', 'rapidly', 'expanding', 'award', 'winning', 'internet', 'offering', 'opportunities', 'enthusiastic', 'telesales', 'professionals', 'experienced', 'trainees', 'determined', 'drive', 'build', 'earn', 'income', 'deserve', 'sector', 'attitude', 'telephone', 'manner', 'genuine', 'interest', 'empathy', 'customers', 'important', 'confidently', 'hit', 'close', 'single', 'call', 'sale', 'offer', 'extremely', 'generous', 'commission', 'structure', 'quickly', 'start', 'earn', 'll', 'great', 'lead', 'generation', 'tools', 'class', 'website', 'ongoing', 'commitment', 'state', 'art', 'technology', 'innovation', 'remember', 'achievements', 'regularly', 'features', 'media', 'times', 'wide', 'range', 'companies', 'ranging', 'small', 'enterprises', 'largest', 'plcs', 'today', 'offer', 'return', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Assembler / Tester
Webindex: 69078766
Company: FPR Group
Description: A great opportunity to work for an established engineering company with opportunities for training and development My Client is looking for a fitter /assembler to work on a Temporary contract expected to last until May / June which may go permanent for the right candidate paying up to **** ph working days. The right candidate would have a strong Engineering background and strong fitting experience; the ideal applicant will have testing experience. The client is ideally looking for someone who has experience in Automotive, Aviation or Aerospace industries working to tight tolerances. Applicants are invited to apply through FPR Group and interviews will be carried out shortly. Please email your CV or call Jeff on **** **** **** FPR Group is acting as an employment business on behalf of our client" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00168.txt " Assembler / Tester" " 69078766" " FPR Group" " A great opportunity to work for an established engineering company with opportunities for training and development My Client is looking for a fitter /assembler to work on a Temporary contract expected to last until May / June which may go permanent for the right candidate paying up to **** ph working days. The right candidate would have a strong Engineering background and strong fitting experience; the ideal applicant will have testing experience. The client is ideally looking for someone who has experience in Automotive, Aviation or Aerospace industries working to tight tolerances. Applicants are invited to apply through FPR Group and interviews will be carried out shortly. Please email your CV or call Jeff on **** **** **** FPR Group is acting as an employment business on behalf of our client" "['great', 'established', 'opportunities', 'fitter', 'assembler', 'temporary', 'contract', 'expected', 'june', 'permanent', 'paying', 'ph', 'days', 'background', 'fitting', 'ideal', 'applicant', 'testing', 'ideally', 'automotive', 'aerospace', 'industries', 'tight', 'tolerances', 'applicants', 'invited', 'fpr', 'group', 'interviews', 'carried', 'email', 'cv', 'call', 'fpr', 'group', 'acting', 'employment', 'behalf']" Engineering
"Title: Recruitment Fairs
Webindex: 68508976
Description: Aspire Housing and Personal Development Service work alongside people to empower them to lead independent lives. RECRUITMENT FAIRS Aspire have exciting opportunities to join their developing services in North Lanarkshire. We are looking to recruit enthusiastic, flexible and motivated staff to join our teams in the Motherwell/Wishaw/Airdrie/Coatbridge areas. Please come along to any of our recruitment days listed below:  Netherton Community Centre Main Hall, Old Manse Road, Wishaw, ML****EW. 11am6pm. Wednesday ****3rd January 2013.  Gartlea Community Centre Main Hall 2 Hillfoot Road. Airdrie, Lanarkshire, ML6 ****PL. 11am6pm. Thursday 24th January 2013.  Cumbernauld New Town Hall Beechwood Suite Main Hall Bron Way. Cumbernauld, G**** 1DZ. 11am6pm. Friday 25th January 2013. Supported Living Workers **** p/h Supported Living Assistant **** p/h Fixed Term and Sessional Basis (Ref: RFJ2013). Hours: Various, to suit the needs of the particular services (may include evenings, sleepovers, nightshift, weekends & public holidays). Come along to our Recruitment Fairs, if successful you could be interviewed on the day and asked to attend a group interview at a further date. For further information please visit our website http://www.aspireinc.co.uk/northlanarkshire3/ and ensure you bring correct documentation on the day of the fair. PVG check will be requested for the successful applicants. Aspire is an equal opportunities employer. Please note no CVs will be accepted. www.aspireinc.co.uk Housing & Personal Development Services" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00615.txt " Recruitment Fairs" " 68508976"  " Aspire Housing and Personal Development Service work alongside people to empower them to lead independent lives. RECRUITMENT FAIRS Aspire have exciting opportunities to join their developing services in North Lanarkshire. We are looking to recruit enthusiastic, flexible and motivated staff to join our teams in the Motherwell/Wishaw/Airdrie/Coatbridge areas. Please come along to any of our recruitment days listed below:  Netherton Community Centre Main Hall, Old Manse Road, Wishaw, ML****EW. 11am6pm. Wednesday ****3rd January 2013.  Gartlea Community Centre Main Hall 2 Hillfoot Road. Airdrie, Lanarkshire, ML6 ****PL. 11am6pm. Thursday 24th January 2013.  Cumbernauld New Town Hall Beechwood Suite Main Hall Bron Way. Cumbernauld, G**** 1DZ. 11am6pm. Friday 25th January 2013. Supported Living Workers **** p/h Supported Living Assistant **** p/h Fixed Term and Sessional Basis (Ref: RFJ2013). Hours: Various, to suit the needs of the particular services (may include evenings, sleepovers, nightshift, weekends & public holidays). Come along to our Recruitment Fairs, if successful you could be interviewed on the day and asked to attend a group interview at a further date. For further information please visit our website http://www.aspireinc.co.uk/northlanarkshire3/ and ensure you bring correct documentation on the day of the fair. PVG check will be requested for the successful applicants. Aspire is an equal opportunities employer. Please note no CVs will be accepted. www.aspireinc.co.uk Housing & Personal Development Services" "['aspire', 'housing', 'personal', 'alongside', 'people', 'empower', 'lead', 'independent', 'lives', 'fairs', 'aspire', 'exciting', 'opportunities', 'developing', 'north', 'lanarkshire', 'recruit', 'enthusiastic', 'flexible', 'motivated', 'teams', 'wishaw', 'airdrie', 'areas', 'days', 'listed', 'community', 'centre', 'main', 'hall', 'road', 'wishaw', 'ml', 'ew', 'pm', 'wednesday', 'january', 'community', 'centre', 'main', 'hall', 'road', 'airdrie', 'lanarkshire', 'ml', 'pl', 'pm', 'thursday', 'january', 'cumbernauld', 'town', 'hall', 'suite', 'main', 'hall', 'cumbernauld', 'pm', 'friday', 'january', 'supported', 'living', 'workers', 'supported', 'living', 'assistant', 'fixed', 'term', 'basis', 'ref', 'hours', 'suit', 'include', 'evenings', 'weekends', 'public', 'holidays', 'fairs', 'interviewed', 'day', 'asked', 'attend', 'group', 'interview', 'date', 'information', 'visit', 'website', 'http', 'www', 'aspireinc', 'bring', 'correct', 'documentation', 'day', 'fair', 'pvg', 'check', 'requested', 'applicants', 'aspire', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer', 'note', 'cvs', 'accepted', 'www', 'aspireinc', 'housing', 'personal']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Application Support  Investment Bank
Webindex: 68564061
Company: London4Jobs
Description: Application Support  Investment Banking  UNIX SQL Interested in a challenging, fast paced role in a tier one investment bank? Want to work in a front office role? Candidate Requirements: . Solid degree . Very bright . Strong communication skills . Decent Unix . SQL knowledge Hatstand is a niche IT consultancy. We run a **** year programme in conjunction with leading global investment banks. The programme is aimed at recent graduates with 15 years of work experience. This is a fantastic opportunity for bright individuals to launch careers within investment banking. Successful applicants will have great communications skills, decent UNIX and SQL, and a determined attitude to learn and contribute." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00317.txt " Application Support  Investment Bank" " 68564061" " London4Jobs" " Application Support  Investment Banking  UNIX SQL Interested in a challenging, fast paced role in a tier one investment bank? Want to work in a front office role? Candidate Requirements: . Solid degree . Very bright . Strong communication skills . Decent Unix . SQL knowledge Hatstand is a niche IT consultancy. We run a **** year programme in conjunction with leading global investment banks. The programme is aimed at recent graduates with 15 years of work experience. This is a fantastic opportunity for bright individuals to launch careers within investment banking. Successful applicants will have great communications skills, decent UNIX and SQL, and a determined attitude to learn and contribute." "['application', 'investment', 'banking', 'unix', 'sql', 'interested', 'challenging', 'fast', 'paced', 'tier', 'investment', 'bank', 'front', 'office', 'requirements', 'solid', 'degree', 'bright', 'communication', 'decent', 'unix', 'sql', 'niche', 'consultancy', 'run', 'year', 'programme', 'conjunction', 'global', 'investment', 'banks', 'programme', 'aimed', 'recent', 'graduates', 'years', 'fantastic', 'bright', 'individuals', 'launch', 'careers', 'investment', 'banking', 'applicants', 'great', 'communications', 'decent', 'unix', 'sql', 'determined', 'attitude', 'learn', 'contribute']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Solderer and Dry Loader
Webindex: 70762357
Company: The Works Staffing Solutions
Description: My client is an electronics manufacturer in the Hamble area of Southampton and they are looking for a solderer and dry loader to join their team. Applicants must have experience of PCB soldering and dry loading. The vacancy is temporary with full time hours Monday  Friday and the possibility of a permanent job for the right person" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00200.txt " Solderer and Dry Loader" " 70762357" " The Works Staffing Solutions" " My client is an electronics manufacturer in the Hamble area of Southampton and they are looking for a solderer and dry loader to join their team. Applicants must have experience of PCB soldering and dry loading. The vacancy is temporary with full time hours Monday  Friday and the possibility of a permanent job for the right person" "['electronics', 'manufacturer', 'area', 'southampton', 'dry', 'applicants', 'pcb', 'dry', 'loading', 'vacancy', 'temporary', 'time', 'hours', 'monday', 'friday', 'possibility', 'permanent', 'person']" Engineering
"Title: Telesales Executive
Webindex: 71737507
Company: THESMARTLIST.co.uk
Description: LOCATION: Peterborough JOB TITLE: Marketing Executive / Telesales Executive / Trainee Recruitment Consultant SALARY & BENEFITS : ****k  ****k  Bonus (****k), 25 Days Annual Leave  Stat, Pension & Healthcare (after **** year) WORKING HOURS: Full Time  Mon  Fri 37.5 Hours Per Week THE ROLE: Telesales Executive The role will be to become part of a busy internal sales team, producing outbound Telesales enquiries focusing on selling our Online Fixed Fee Recruitment Service. The role will be predominately outbound telesales, looking to identify decision makers with recruitment responsibilities within a variety of types of companies. Once a warm lead is developed this will be closed or passed onto our Senior Sales Team for completion. This is an entry level position with ourselves with a view point that the successful candidate will develop into a Senior Member of the sales team with training and development on offer. Key Responsibilities to include Outbound Sales  Contacting New and Existing Customers Proactively Identify Key Decision Makers Source leads and new customers Research New Potential Clients Store Information and Records on CRM System Utilise and Manage Data Sources Conduct EMarketing Campaigns with follow up telephone calls THE COMPANY: The SmartList is owned and operated by Johnston Press, one of the UK and Ireland's biggest publishers of daily and weekly newspapers, magazines and popular online platforms including DealMonster and JobsToday. With over **** wellloved consumer titles in markets across the UK, no one is better placed than Johnston Press to provide business with fast, fixedprice recruitment online. Visit us online to find out more at URL removed THE CANDIDATE: We are looking for a highly driven and enthusiastic person to join the Telesales team. Key Experience preferred for the role: A background in Oubound Telesales with a preference of dealing with B2B Markets A lively and enthusiastic nature and personality Excellent telephone manner A strong record of achieving telesales based targets Hungry To Progress career and earning potentials If you feel this sounds like you then please apply now. On receipt of your application we will send you an Online Interview Questionnaire to complete to enhance your application. KEYWORDS: Sales, Telesales, 'Customer Service' 'Lead Generation' 'Appointment generating' 'Canvassing' 'Account Manager' 'Business Development' 'Customer Accounts' 'Recruitment Consultant' 'Business Development Manager'" 3 data/Sales\Job_00774.txt " Telesales Executive" " 71737507" " THESMARTLIST.co.uk" " LOCATION: Peterborough JOB TITLE: Marketing Executive / Telesales Executive / Trainee Recruitment Consultant SALARY & BENEFITS : ****k  ****k  Bonus (****k), 25 Days Annual Leave  Stat, Pension & Healthcare (after **** year) WORKING HOURS: Full Time  Mon  Fri 37.5 Hours Per Week THE ROLE: Telesales Executive The role will be to become part of a busy internal sales team, producing outbound Telesales enquiries focusing on selling our Online Fixed Fee Recruitment Service. The role will be predominately outbound telesales, looking to identify decision makers with recruitment responsibilities within a variety of types of companies. Once a warm lead is developed this will be closed or passed onto our Senior Sales Team for completion. This is an entry level position with ourselves with a view point that the successful candidate will develop into a Senior Member of the sales team with training and development on offer. Key Responsibilities to include Outbound Sales  Contacting New and Existing Customers Proactively Identify Key Decision Makers Source leads and new customers Research New Potential Clients Store Information and Records on CRM System Utilise and Manage Data Sources Conduct EMarketing Campaigns with follow up telephone calls THE COMPANY: The SmartList is owned and operated by Johnston Press, one of the UK and Ireland's biggest publishers of daily and weekly newspapers, magazines and popular online platforms including DealMonster and JobsToday. With over **** wellloved consumer titles in markets across the UK, no one is better placed than Johnston Press to provide business with fast, fixedprice recruitment online. Visit us online to find out more at URL removed THE CANDIDATE: We are looking for a highly driven and enthusiastic person to join the Telesales team. Key Experience preferred for the role: A background in Oubound Telesales with a preference of dealing with B2B Markets A lively and enthusiastic nature and personality Excellent telephone manner A strong record of achieving telesales based targets Hungry To Progress career and earning potentials If you feel this sounds like you then please apply now. On receipt of your application we will send you an Online Interview Questionnaire to complete to enhance your application. KEYWORDS: Sales, Telesales, 'Customer Service' 'Lead Generation' 'Appointment generating' 'Canvassing' 'Account Manager' 'Business Development' 'Customer Accounts' 'Recruitment Consultant' 'Business Development Manager'" "['location', 'peterborough', 'title', 'marketing', 'executive', 'telesales', 'executive', 'trainee', 'consultant', 'benefits', 'bonus', 'days', 'annual', 'leave', 'pension', 'healthcare', 'year', 'hours', 'time', 'mon', 'fri', 'hours', 'week', 'telesales', 'executive', 'part', 'busy', 'internal', 'producing', 'outbound', 'telesales', 'enquiries', 'focusing', 'selling', 'online', 'fixed', 'fee', 'predominately', 'outbound', 'telesales', 'identify', 'decision', 'makers', 'responsibilities', 'variety', 'types', 'companies', 'warm', 'lead', 'developed', 'closed', 'passed', 'senior', 'completion', 'entry', 'level', 'view', 'point', 'develop', 'senior', 'member', 'offer', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'outbound', 'contacting', 'existing', 'customers', 'proactively', 'identify', 'key', 'decision', 'makers', 'source', 'leads', 'customers', 'research', 'potential', 'store', 'information', 'records', 'crm', 'system', 'utilise', 'manage', 'data', 'sources', 'conduct', 'emarketing', 'campaigns', 'follow', 'telephone', 'calls', 'owned', 'operated', 'johnston', 'press', 'biggest', 'publishers', 'daily', 'weekly', 'popular', 'online', 'platforms', 'consumer', 'titles', 'markets', 'johnston', 'press', 'fast', 'online', 'visit', 'online', 'find', 'url', 'removed', 'highly', 'driven', 'enthusiastic', 'person', 'telesales', 'key', 'preferred', 'background', 'telesales', 'preference', 'dealing', 'markets', 'enthusiastic', 'nature', 'personality', 'telephone', 'manner', 'record', 'achieving', 'telesales', 'targets', 'hungry', 'progress', 'career', 'earning', 'feel', 'sounds', 'receipt', 'application', 'send', 'online', 'interview', 'questionnaire', 'complete', 'enhance', 'application', 'keywords', 'telesales', 'lead', 'generation', 'appointment', 'generating', 'canvassing', 'account', 'accounts', 'consultant']" Sales
"Title: Electronic Fire and Security Solutions Field Sales
Webindex: 69577820
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Electronic Fire and Security Solutions Field Sales****k to ****k Basic, ****k OTE  substantial benefitsManchester We are a Global leader in Electronic Fire and Security Solutions, selling to Corporate, SME and Government worldwide. We supply over 80% of the Fortune **** in the US and in the UK have over **** employees servicing over **** business clients. Due to excellent growth, we are looking to expand our UK salesforce in multiple locations in Southern England.As a Electronic Fire and Security Solutions Sales Executive, you will be responsible for managing **** existing business accounts and converting leads to create new business opportunities where possible. You will manage an extensive product portfolio with intruder alarms, CCTV and access systems included. Your prime target clients will be within the SME B2B marketplace.The successful applicant will be an excellent new business salesperson but also have the ability to successfully manage existing business accounts. You will have an extensive understanding of the sales process, and the ideal candidate will have experience of selling to SME business in a new business capacity and your new business and relationship skills will be developed enough to ensure that you have a successful track record in over achieving sales targets. Experience of selling B2C is not relevant to this role, even if you have had experience of selling a similar product range.The opportunities within our group are extensive and we therefore are seeking a very high level of applicant and have instructed PMA Recruitment to screen for the highest calibre. To apply, please send a copy of your CV to our advising consultant Sean Musee at PMA Sales Recruitment on jobs N/A .uk quoting STSM35KEY WORDS: Account manager, Electronic Fire and Security Solutions Sales, Sales, Field Sales, new business, IT sales, security, fire and security, chubb, Stanley security, secom, g****s, ocs, reliance high tec, mitie security, bell security, ADT, swift security, evolution security, Siemens security, Honeywell security, security salesDue to the nature of our business we will only reply to those candidates who we feel have the relevant experience for this role.PMA Recruitment will allow applications from other Recruitment organisations dependant on agreement from a PMA Director.For more opportunities see N/A .uk This job was originally posted as N/A .uk/JobSeeking/ElectronicFireandSecuritySolutionsFieldSales_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00716.txt " Electronic Fire and Security Solutions Field Sales" " 69577820" " UKStaffsearch" " Electronic Fire and Security Solutions Field Sales****k to ****k Basic, ****k OTE  substantial benefitsManchester We are a Global leader in Electronic Fire and Security Solutions, selling to Corporate, SME and Government worldwide. We supply over 80% of the Fortune **** in the US and in the UK have over **** employees servicing over **** business clients. Due to excellent growth, we are looking to expand our UK salesforce in multiple locations in Southern England.As a Electronic Fire and Security Solutions Sales Executive, you will be responsible for managing **** existing business accounts and converting leads to create new business opportunities where possible. You will manage an extensive product portfolio with intruder alarms, CCTV and access systems included. Your prime target clients will be within the SME B2B marketplace.The successful applicant will be an excellent new business salesperson but also have the ability to successfully manage existing business accounts. You will have an extensive understanding of the sales process, and the ideal candidate will have experience of selling to SME business in a new business capacity and your new business and relationship skills will be developed enough to ensure that you have a successful track record in over achieving sales targets. Experience of selling B2C is not relevant to this role, even if you have had experience of selling a similar product range.The opportunities within our group are extensive and we therefore are seeking a very high level of applicant and have instructed PMA Recruitment to screen for the highest calibre. To apply, please send a copy of your CV to our advising consultant Sean Musee at PMA Sales Recruitment on jobs N/A .uk quoting STSM35KEY WORDS: Account manager, Electronic Fire and Security Solutions Sales, Sales, Field Sales, new business, IT sales, security, fire and security, chubb, Stanley security, secom, g****s, ocs, reliance high tec, mitie security, bell security, ADT, swift security, evolution security, Siemens security, Honeywell security, security salesDue to the nature of our business we will only reply to those candidates who we feel have the relevant experience for this role.PMA Recruitment will allow applications from other Recruitment organisations dependant on agreement from a PMA Director.For more opportunities see N/A .uk This job was originally posted as N/A .uk/JobSeeking/ElectronicFireandSecuritySolutionsFieldSales_job****" "['electronic', 'fire', 'security', 'solutions', 'field', 'basic', 'ote', 'substantial', 'global', 'leader', 'electronic', 'fire', 'security', 'solutions', 'selling', 'corporate', 'sme', 'government', 'worldwide', 'supply', 'fortune', 'employees', 'servicing', 'due', 'growth', 'expand', 'salesforce', 'multiple', 'locations', 'southern', 'england', 'electronic', 'fire', 'security', 'solutions', 'executive', 'responsible', 'managing', 'existing', 'accounts', 'converting', 'leads', 'create', 'opportunities', 'manage', 'extensive', 'product', 'portfolio', 'intruder', 'alarms', 'cctv', 'access', 'included', 'prime', 'target', 'sme', 'marketplace', 'applicant', 'salesperson', 'successfully', 'manage', 'existing', 'accounts', 'extensive', 'understanding', 'process', 'ideal', 'selling', 'sme', 'capacity', 'relationship', 'developed', 'track', 'record', 'achieving', 'targets', 'selling', 'relevant', 'selling', 'similar', 'product', 'range', 'opportunities', 'group', 'extensive', 'seeking', 'level', 'applicant', 'instructed', 'pma', 'screen', 'highest', 'calibre', 'send', 'copy', 'cv', 'advising', 'consultant', 'pma', 'jobs', 'quoting', 'key', 'words', 'account', 'electronic', 'fire', 'security', 'solutions', 'field', 'security', 'fire', 'security', 'security', 'security', 'bell', 'security', 'swift', 'security', 'evolution', 'security', 'siemens', 'security', 'security', 'security', 'nature', 'reply', 'candidates', 'feel', 'relevant', 'pma', 'applications', 'organisations', 'dependant', 'agreement', 'pma', 'director', 'opportunities', 'originally', 'posted', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Stress Engineer
Webindex: 67304988
Company: DataSource Computer Employment
Description: Term: Permanent Location: Bristol, UK Salary: Circa ****GBP  relocation assistance  ****EUR We're currently looking for talented and experienced aerospace Stress Engineers to join our clients' growing team in Bristol. The roles are ideally suited to high calibre engineers with a high level of appropriate experience. You will have experienced of Structural Analysis on Primary Structures while utilising tools such as Nastran/Patran. The requirements As the successful Stress Engineer candidate, you will need to have a good engineering degree that includes structural analysis (such as aeronautical, mechanical, automotive, civil) with experience in a professional engineering environment relevant to (but not limited to) the aerospace sector. You will have experience in at least one or more of the following areas: Structural/stress analysis Composite stress analysis Linear and nonlinear finite element analysis Fatigue and damage tolerance Structural dynamics Thermal analysis Aerostructures experience You will also be expected to demonstrate the following qualities: A strong desire to progress quickly to a position of leadership Professional approach Strong communication skills, written and verbal Commercial awareness Team working, being comfortable working in international teams and self managing Our client offer exceptional career structure within an award winning working environment with fantastic facilities including onsite canteen and branded coffee shop onsite. Monthly social events organised by the company. If this role is of interest please contact Keith Wills." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00128.txt " Stress Engineer" " 67304988" " DataSource Computer Employment" " Term: Permanent Location: Bristol, UK Salary: Circa ****GBP  relocation assistance  ****EUR We're currently looking for talented and experienced aerospace Stress Engineers to join our clients' growing team in Bristol. The roles are ideally suited to high calibre engineers with a high level of appropriate experience. You will have experienced of Structural Analysis on Primary Structures while utilising tools such as Nastran/Patran. The requirements As the successful Stress Engineer candidate, you will need to have a good engineering degree that includes structural analysis (such as aeronautical, mechanical, automotive, civil) with experience in a professional engineering environment relevant to (but not limited to) the aerospace sector. You will have experience in at least one or more of the following areas: Structural/stress analysis Composite stress analysis Linear and nonlinear finite element analysis Fatigue and damage tolerance Structural dynamics Thermal analysis Aerostructures experience You will also be expected to demonstrate the following qualities: A strong desire to progress quickly to a position of leadership Professional approach Strong communication skills, written and verbal Commercial awareness Team working, being comfortable working in international teams and self managing Our client offer exceptional career structure within an award winning working environment with fantastic facilities including onsite canteen and branded coffee shop onsite. Monthly social events organised by the company. If this role is of interest please contact Keith Wills." "['term', 'permanent', 'location', 'bristol', 'circa', 'relocation', 'assistance', 'talented', 'experienced', 'aerospace', 'stress', 'engineers', 'growing', 'bristol', 'roles', 'ideally', 'suited', 'calibre', 'engineers', 'level', 'experienced', 'structural', 'analysis', 'primary', 'structures', 'utilising', 'tools', 'requirements', 'stress', 'degree', 'includes', 'structural', 'analysis', 'aeronautical', 'mechanical', 'automotive', 'civil', 'professional', 'environment', 'relevant', 'limited', 'aerospace', 'sector', 'areas', 'structural', 'stress', 'analysis', 'composite', 'stress', 'analysis', 'finite', 'element', 'analysis', 'damage', 'structural', 'dynamics', 'thermal', 'analysis', 'expected', 'demonstrate', 'qualities', 'desire', 'progress', 'quickly', 'leadership', 'professional', 'approach', 'communication', 'written', 'verbal', 'commercial', 'awareness', 'comfortable', 'international', 'teams', 'managing', 'offer', 'exceptional', 'career', 'structure', 'award', 'winning', 'environment', 'fantastic', 'facilities', 'onsite', 'canteen', 'branded', 'shop', 'onsite', 'monthly', 'social', 'events', 'organised', 'interest', 'contact']" Engineering
"Title: CNC Machinist
Webindex: 72452403
Company: Luton Bennett Limited
Description: CNC Machinist (Miller) **** – **** (****–**** an hour ) Overtime  Contributory Pension  Bonus  Excellent Working Hours  Life Assurance  Employee Benefit Scheme Bournemouth, Dorset CNC machinists with milling experience required on a permanent basis for an international aerospace company. This is a great chance to join a stable and professional company. The company boasts a range of modern CNC machines having invested across the company in recent years. This is the largest manufacturing site in the UK and the position is set to grow. Additional investment is planned along with added headcount. Both roles are a permanent night shift either Monday – Thursday 6pm to 4am or FridaySunday 6pm to 6am. You will be machining aircraft components from generated engineering models to customer specification, using aluminium or titanium metal as required, utilising **** 4 and **** axis machine tools. Applicants need to be familiar with Fanuc, Mazak, Mazatrol, Siemens or Heidenhain machines. The role:  Machining of aircraft components from generated engineering models to prescribed customer specification, using aluminium or titanium metal as required, utilising **** 4 and **** axis machine tools  Setting cutters and fixtures on a variety of machine tools  Liaising with team leader/Production Manager and colleagues  Component change over for self and by assisting colleagues  Resolve problems with machining with minimum supervision  Escalation of any problems unresolved at 4. above to team leader/manager.  Housekeeping and maintenance of own working environment in particular keeping area free of spills.  **** S working practices  Read mechanical engineering drawings. The person needed:  You should have good experience in operating and setting CNC Milling machines Minimum of 2 years of **** 4 and preferably **** Axis machining within the aerospace / automotive industry This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CNCMachinist_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00032.txt " CNC Machinist" " 72452403" " Luton Bennett Limited" " CNC Machinist (Miller) **** – **** (****–**** an hour ) Overtime  Contributory Pension  Bonus  Excellent Working Hours  Life Assurance  Employee Benefit Scheme Bournemouth, Dorset CNC machinists with milling experience required on a permanent basis for an international aerospace company. This is a great chance to join a stable and professional company. The company boasts a range of modern CNC machines having invested across the company in recent years. This is the largest manufacturing site in the UK and the position is set to grow. Additional investment is planned along with added headcount. Both roles are a permanent night shift either Monday – Thursday 6pm to 4am or FridaySunday 6pm to 6am. You will be machining aircraft components from generated engineering models to customer specification, using aluminium or titanium metal as required, utilising **** 4 and **** axis machine tools. Applicants need to be familiar with Fanuc, Mazak, Mazatrol, Siemens or Heidenhain machines. The role:  Machining of aircraft components from generated engineering models to prescribed customer specification, using aluminium or titanium metal as required, utilising **** 4 and **** axis machine tools  Setting cutters and fixtures on a variety of machine tools  Liaising with team leader/Production Manager and colleagues  Component change over for self and by assisting colleagues  Resolve problems with machining with minimum supervision  Escalation of any problems unresolved at 4. above to team leader/manager.  Housekeeping and maintenance of own working environment in particular keeping area free of spills.  **** S working practices  Read mechanical engineering drawings. The person needed:  You should have good experience in operating and setting CNC Milling machines Minimum of 2 years of **** 4 and preferably **** Axis machining within the aerospace / automotive industry This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CNCMachinist_job****" "['cnc', 'machinist', 'miller', 'hour', 'overtime', 'contributory', 'pension', 'bonus', 'hours', 'life', 'assurance', 'employee', 'benefit', 'scheme', 'bournemouth', 'dorset', 'cnc', 'machinists', 'milling', 'permanent', 'basis', 'international', 'aerospace', 'great', 'chance', 'stable', 'professional', 'boasts', 'range', 'modern', 'cnc', 'machines', 'invested', 'recent', 'years', 'largest', 'manufacturing', 'site', 'set', 'grow', 'additional', 'investment', 'planned', 'added', 'headcount', 'roles', 'permanent', 'night', 'shift', 'monday', 'thursday', 'pm', 'pm', 'machining', 'aircraft', 'components', 'generated', 'models', 'specification', 'aluminium', 'titanium', 'metal', 'utilising', 'axis', 'machine', 'tools', 'applicants', 'familiar', 'fanuc', 'mazak', 'mazatrol', 'siemens', 'heidenhain', 'machines', 'machining', 'aircraft', 'components', 'generated', 'models', 'prescribed', 'specification', 'aluminium', 'titanium', 'metal', 'utilising', 'axis', 'machine', 'tools', 'setting', 'fixtures', 'variety', 'machine', 'tools', 'liaising', 'leader', 'production', 'colleagues', 'component', 'change', 'assisting', 'colleagues', 'resolve', 'problems', 'machining', 'minimum', 'supervision', 'escalation', 'problems', 'leader', 'housekeeping', 'maintenance', 'environment', 'keeping', 'area', 'free', 'practices', 'read', 'mechanical', 'drawings', 'person', 'needed', 'operating', 'setting', 'cnc', 'milling', 'machines', 'minimum', 'years', 'preferably', 'axis', 'machining', 'aerospace', 'automotive', 'industry', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Treasury Assistant/Cashier
Webindex: 70163439
Company: Adecco
Description: Responsibilities  The processing of documentation for international payments and intercompany transfers  Preparing the payingin documentation for banking and banking of cheques  Processing payments and receipts for the accounting system, maintaining accurate records  Archiving and filing of all documentation efficiently o Evaluating records for preservation and retention o Arranging the acquisition and retrieval of records o Preparing recordkeeping systems and procedures for the retention or destruction of records  Maintaining accurate records, processing and analysis of cash transactions, money market and foreign exchange  Responsible for dealing with bank reconciliations and queries which arise  Liaising with IBA team to help with queries following their reviews of the bank reconciliations to a satisfactory conclusion; ensuring the escalation process is adhered to if this cannot be achieved  Raising queries with the bank to ensure a satisfactory conclusion; ensuring the escalation process is adhered to if this cannot be achieved  Entering payments as required onto the electronic payment system  Maintaining register of receipts and preparation of receipt documentation for processing in the accounts system.  Preparing all payment and receipt documentation and processes: TTs, BACs, etc.  Posting IBA cash receipts after annotation from IBA  Posting all IBA payments (plus interest / costs / withdrawals)  Assisting with the deposits of IBA funds o Daily for overnight deposits o Maintaining records of longerterm deposits  Bank reconciliations: o Preparing daily reconciliations o Ensuring all longer term items are cleared o Generally ensuring they are maintained / filed / available  Assisting with production of year end accounts and liaising with auditors  Opening and maintaining bank accounts; ensuring inclusion on accounts system  Assuming other adhoc responsibilities as required. Skills and experience required: Previous treasury or cashiering experience is preferred Analytical, numeracy and problem solving skills A methodical and well organised approach to your work The ability to work as part of a team Ideally educated to A Level or equivalent Excellent communication skills for liaising internally and with brokers and underwriters. A good knowledge of Word, Excel and Outlook Salary: **** to **** plus benefits Adecco is an employment agency and an equal opportunities employer. Due to the high volume of responses to our advertising we are unable to respond to all candidates directly. If you have not heard from us within **** working days then please assume that on this occasion your application has been unsuccessful. Thank you for your interest. Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00272.txt " Treasury Assistant/Cashier" " 70163439" " Adecco" " Responsibilities  The processing of documentation for international payments and intercompany transfers  Preparing the payingin documentation for banking and banking of cheques  Processing payments and receipts for the accounting system, maintaining accurate records  Archiving and filing of all documentation efficiently o Evaluating records for preservation and retention o Arranging the acquisition and retrieval of records o Preparing recordkeeping systems and procedures for the retention or destruction of records  Maintaining accurate records, processing and analysis of cash transactions, money market and foreign exchange  Responsible for dealing with bank reconciliations and queries which arise  Liaising with IBA team to help with queries following their reviews of the bank reconciliations to a satisfactory conclusion; ensuring the escalation process is adhered to if this cannot be achieved  Raising queries with the bank to ensure a satisfactory conclusion; ensuring the escalation process is adhered to if this cannot be achieved  Entering payments as required onto the electronic payment system  Maintaining register of receipts and preparation of receipt documentation for processing in the accounts system.  Preparing all payment and receipt documentation and processes: TTs, BACs, etc.  Posting IBA cash receipts after annotation from IBA  Posting all IBA payments (plus interest / costs / withdrawals)  Assisting with the deposits of IBA funds o Daily for overnight deposits o Maintaining records of longerterm deposits  Bank reconciliations: o Preparing daily reconciliations o Ensuring all longer term items are cleared o Generally ensuring they are maintained / filed / available  Assisting with production of year end accounts and liaising with auditors  Opening and maintaining bank accounts; ensuring inclusion on accounts system  Assuming other adhoc responsibilities as required. Skills and experience required: Previous treasury or cashiering experience is preferred Analytical, numeracy and problem solving skills A methodical and well organised approach to your work The ability to work as part of a team Ideally educated to A Level or equivalent Excellent communication skills for liaising internally and with brokers and underwriters. A good knowledge of Word, Excel and Outlook Salary: **** to **** plus benefits Adecco is an employment agency and an equal opportunities employer. Due to the high volume of responses to our advertising we are unable to respond to all candidates directly. If you have not heard from us within **** working days then please assume that on this occasion your application has been unsuccessful. Thank you for your interest. Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy" "['responsibilities', 'processing', 'documentation', 'international', 'payments', 'intercompany', 'transfers', 'preparing', 'documentation', 'banking', 'banking', 'cheques', 'processing', 'payments', 'receipts', 'accounting', 'system', 'maintaining', 'accurate', 'records', 'archiving', 'filing', 'documentation', 'efficiently', 'evaluating', 'records', 'retention', 'arranging', 'acquisition', 'retrieval', 'records', 'preparing', 'procedures', 'retention', 'records', 'maintaining', 'accurate', 'records', 'processing', 'analysis', 'cash', 'transactions', 'money', 'market', 'foreign', 'exchange', 'responsible', 'dealing', 'bank', 'reconciliations', 'queries', 'arise', 'liaising', 'iba', 'queries', 'reviews', 'bank', 'reconciliations', 'satisfactory', 'conclusion', 'ensuring', 'escalation', 'process', 'adhered', 'achieved', 'raising', 'queries', 'bank', 'satisfactory', 'conclusion', 'ensuring', 'escalation', 'process', 'adhered', 'achieved', 'entering', 'payments', 'electronic', 'payment', 'system', 'maintaining', 'register', 'receipts', 'preparation', 'receipt', 'documentation', 'processing', 'accounts', 'system', 'preparing', 'payment', 'receipt', 'documentation', 'processes', 'bacs', 'posting', 'iba', 'cash', 'receipts', 'iba', 'posting', 'iba', 'payments', 'interest', 'costs', 'assisting', 'deposits', 'iba', 'funds', 'daily', 'overnight', 'deposits', 'maintaining', 'records', 'longerterm', 'deposits', 'bank', 'reconciliations', 'preparing', 'daily', 'reconciliations', 'ensuring', 'longer', 'term', 'items', 'cleared', 'generally', 'ensuring', 'maintained', 'assisting', 'production', 'year', 'end', 'accounts', 'liaising', 'auditors', 'opening', 'maintaining', 'bank', 'accounts', 'ensuring', 'inclusion', 'accounts', 'system', 'assuming', 'adhoc', 'responsibilities', 'previous', 'treasury', 'cashiering', 'preferred', 'analytical', 'numeracy', 'problem', 'solving', 'methodical', 'organised', 'approach', 'part', 'ideally', 'educated', 'level', 'equivalent', 'communication', 'liaising', 'internally', 'brokers', 'underwriters', 'word', 'excel', 'outlook', 'benefits', 'adecco', 'employment', 'agency', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer', 'due', 'volume', 'responses', 'advertising', 'unable', 'respond', 'candidates', 'directly', 'heard', 'days', 'assume', 'occasion', 'application', 'unsuccessful', 'interest', 'adecco', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'vacancy']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Staff Nurses / Senior Staff Nurses  Band 5 Northampton
Webindex: 66544069
Company: St Andrews Healthcare
Description: Staff Nurses / Senior Staff Nurses – Band 5 Mental Health Learning Disability Ref: **** Salary: ****  **** Per Annum, inclusive of St Andrews Clinical Allowance (Dependent on Experience) Location: Northampton St Andrew’s Healthcare Northampton offers a number of specialist services for men, women, adolescents and older people across: Mental Health – Learning Disability and Spectrum Disorders – Brain Injury – Progressive and Neurodegenerative conditions.  Make a difference in a growing, nonprofit organisation  Join the UK’s leading mental healthcare charity  Choose to become a specialist in a range of fields  Push the boundaries of practice in a culture of innovation At St Andrew’s Healthcare, we are not just specialists in mental health. We are experts in you. From supporting your career, to giving you the freedom to put your own ideas into practice, we will take a personal interest in helping you develop. Having undergone a ****year programme of growth, we are continuing to invest in making our nursing team the example to which the healthcare industry aspires. Join us as a Mental Health or Learning Disability Nurse and you will have a wide choice of areas to specialise in. You might already be an expert in your field, or you could be looking to become one. Whatever your skills and experience, we will give you the freedom to push the boundaries of your practice, without the usual red tape or fixed ways of working. To join us, you will be:  Registered Mental Health Nurse or Learning Disability Nurse (a number of our services will also consider applications from Registered General Nurses)  Committed to the highest standards  An expert in your field or keen to become one  Looking to develop your skills and enhance St Andrew’s reputation for nursing St Andrew’s is the UK’s leading charitable provider of specialist mental healthcare. As a nonprofit organisation, we reinvest all our surpluses into a wide range of specialist services, stateoftheart facilities and our dedicated nursing teams. We also offer a range of excellent benefits, including a pension scheme, subsidised restaurant, free parking, childcare vouchers, and retail discounts and sports facilities such as a gym, pool and squash court – Depending on site location. Join the experts. Unless specifically commissioned in advance, St Andrew’s Healthcare will not consider applications submitted by or through agencies. Please quote the relevant reference number on all correspondence relating to this vacancy. All positions within St Andrew’s are subject to an Enhanced Criminal Records Bureau check All shortlisted candidates will be contacted via email. The interview process will take approximately **** hours and will include a variety of elements to assess candidate’s suitability. St Andrew’s Healthcare is the UK’s largest mental healthcare charity. We offer specialist secure services for men, women, adolescents and older people across mental health, learning disability, brain injury and degenerative disorders such as Huntington’s and Alzheimer’s. Putting Service Users’ needs at the heart of everything we do, we have built an innovative culture of clinical expertise. St Andrew’s Healthcare is an equal opportunities employer. Registered Charity No ****" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00494.txt " Staff Nurses / Senior Staff Nurses  Band 5 Northampton" " 66544069" " St Andrews Healthcare" " Staff Nurses / Senior Staff Nurses – Band 5 Mental Health Learning Disability Ref: **** Salary: ****  **** Per Annum, inclusive of St Andrews Clinical Allowance (Dependent on Experience) Location: Northampton St Andrew’s Healthcare Northampton offers a number of specialist services for men, women, adolescents and older people across: Mental Health – Learning Disability and Spectrum Disorders – Brain Injury – Progressive and Neurodegenerative conditions.  Make a difference in a growing, nonprofit organisation  Join the UK’s leading mental healthcare charity  Choose to become a specialist in a range of fields  Push the boundaries of practice in a culture of innovation At St Andrew’s Healthcare, we are not just specialists in mental health. We are experts in you. From supporting your career, to giving you the freedom to put your own ideas into practice, we will take a personal interest in helping you develop. Having undergone a ****year programme of growth, we are continuing to invest in making our nursing team the example to which the healthcare industry aspires. Join us as a Mental Health or Learning Disability Nurse and you will have a wide choice of areas to specialise in. You might already be an expert in your field, or you could be looking to become one. Whatever your skills and experience, we will give you the freedom to push the boundaries of your practice, without the usual red tape or fixed ways of working. To join us, you will be:  Registered Mental Health Nurse or Learning Disability Nurse (a number of our services will also consider applications from Registered General Nurses)  Committed to the highest standards  An expert in your field or keen to become one  Looking to develop your skills and enhance St Andrew’s reputation for nursing St Andrew’s is the UK’s leading charitable provider of specialist mental healthcare. As a nonprofit organisation, we reinvest all our surpluses into a wide range of specialist services, stateoftheart facilities and our dedicated nursing teams. We also offer a range of excellent benefits, including a pension scheme, subsidised restaurant, free parking, childcare vouchers, and retail discounts and sports facilities such as a gym, pool and squash court – Depending on site location. Join the experts. Unless specifically commissioned in advance, St Andrew’s Healthcare will not consider applications submitted by or through agencies. Please quote the relevant reference number on all correspondence relating to this vacancy. All positions within St Andrew’s are subject to an Enhanced Criminal Records Bureau check All shortlisted candidates will be contacted via email. The interview process will take approximately **** hours and will include a variety of elements to assess candidate’s suitability. St Andrew’s Healthcare is the UK’s largest mental healthcare charity. We offer specialist secure services for men, women, adolescents and older people across mental health, learning disability, brain injury and degenerative disorders such as Huntington’s and Alzheimer’s. Putting Service Users’ needs at the heart of everything we do, we have built an innovative culture of clinical expertise. St Andrew’s Healthcare is an equal opportunities employer. Registered Charity No ****" "['nurses', 'senior', 'nurses', 'band', 'mental', 'health', 'learning', 'disability', 'ref', 'annum', 'inclusive', 'st', 'clinical', 'allowance', 'dependent', 'location', 'northampton', 'st', 'andrew', 'healthcare', 'northampton', 'offers', 'number', 'specialist', 'men', 'women', 'adolescents', 'older', 'people', 'mental', 'health', 'learning', 'disability', 'spectrum', 'disorders', 'brain', 'injury', 'progressive', 'conditions', 'make', 'difference', 'growing', 'nonprofit', 'organisation', 'mental', 'healthcare', 'charity', 'choose', 'specialist', 'range', 'fields', 'push', 'boundaries', 'practice', 'culture', 'innovation', 'st', 'andrew', 'healthcare', 'specialists', 'mental', 'health', 'experts', 'supporting', 'career', 'giving', 'freedom', 'put', 'ideas', 'practice', 'personal', 'interest', 'helping', 'develop', 'year', 'programme', 'growth', 'continuing', 'invest', 'making', 'nursing', 'healthcare', 'industry', 'mental', 'health', 'learning', 'disability', 'nurse', 'wide', 'choice', 'areas', 'specialise', 'expert', 'field', 'give', 'freedom', 'push', 'boundaries', 'practice', 'fixed', 'ways', 'registered', 'mental', 'health', 'nurse', 'learning', 'disability', 'nurse', 'number', 'applications', 'registered', 'general', 'nurses', 'committed', 'highest', 'standards', 'expert', 'field', 'keen', 'develop', 'enhance', 'st', 'andrew', 'reputation', 'nursing', 'st', 'andrew', 'charitable', 'provider', 'specialist', 'mental', 'healthcare', 'nonprofit', 'organisation', 'wide', 'range', 'specialist', 'stateoftheart', 'facilities', 'dedicated', 'nursing', 'teams', 'offer', 'range', 'benefits', 'pension', 'scheme', 'subsidised', 'restaurant', 'free', 'parking', 'childcare', 'vouchers', 'retail', 'discounts', 'sports', 'facilities', 'gym', 'pool', 'court', 'depending', 'site', 'location', 'experts', 'specifically', 'advance', 'st', 'andrew', 'healthcare', 'applications', 'submitted', 'agencies', 'quote', 'relevant', 'reference', 'number', 'correspondence', 'relating', 'vacancy', 'positions', 'st', 'andrew', 'subject', 'enhanced', 'criminal', 'records', 'bureau', 'check', 'shortlisted', 'candidates', 'contacted', 'email', 'interview', 'process', 'approximately', 'hours', 'include', 'variety', 'elements', 'assess', 'suitability', 'st', 'andrew', 'healthcare', 'largest', 'mental', 'healthcare', 'charity', 'offer', 'specialist', 'secure', 'men', 'women', 'adolescents', 'older', 'people', 'mental', 'health', 'learning', 'disability', 'brain', 'injury', 'disorders', 'putting', 'users', 'heart', 'built', 'innovative', 'culture', 'clinical', 'expertise', 'st', 'andrew', 'healthcare', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer', 'registered', 'charity']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Clinical Nurse Manager
Webindex: 71903513
Company: Outcomes UK Ltd
Description: A vacancy has arisen for an experienced Clinical Nurse Manager to work for an independent organisation based in Northamptonshire. The organisation offer community based support to service users with a range of needs including palliative care, physical disabilities, acquired brain injuries and children's services. The main purpose of this role is the management for the day to day provision of nursing services. To lead and provide oversight management of the delivery of nursing services within the contracts and services, ensuring staff operate in accordance with the company policies and procedures. Management of the quality of outcomes for the care packages delivered throughout the community or domiciliary setting. You must have experience of working with inter agency services for vulnerable adults and children and extensive experience of assessing and providing care to people with complex needs and long term conditions. You must also have a professional qualification such as a registered Nurse (RN) or a Registered Children's Nurse (RSCN) ideally with a minimum of 1 years community or social experience. Preferably a recognised qualification in management (NVQ4) and/or a Teaching qualification such as PTTLS or C&G **** It is essential that you are a driver and ideally a car owner. The role will require some national travel and possibly some unsociable working hours. The role comes with an excellent salary of up to ****  **** pa dependent on experience as well as a range of benefits. 24 hours per week (Monday to Friday) Work base: Kettering  Head Office. Visa Required: Applicants must be eligible to work in the specified location" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00490.txt " Clinical Nurse Manager" " 71903513" " Outcomes UK Ltd" " A vacancy has arisen for an experienced Clinical Nurse Manager to work for an independent organisation based in Northamptonshire. The organisation offer community based support to service users with a range of needs including palliative care, physical disabilities, acquired brain injuries and children's services. The main purpose of this role is the management for the day to day provision of nursing services. To lead and provide oversight management of the delivery of nursing services within the contracts and services, ensuring staff operate in accordance with the company policies and procedures. Management of the quality of outcomes for the care packages delivered throughout the community or domiciliary setting. You must have experience of working with inter agency services for vulnerable adults and children and extensive experience of assessing and providing care to people with complex needs and long term conditions. You must also have a professional qualification such as a registered Nurse (RN) or a Registered Children's Nurse (RSCN) ideally with a minimum of 1 years community or social experience. Preferably a recognised qualification in management (NVQ4) and/or a Teaching qualification such as PTTLS or C&G **** It is essential that you are a driver and ideally a car owner. The role will require some national travel and possibly some unsociable working hours. The role comes with an excellent salary of up to ****  **** pa dependent on experience as well as a range of benefits. 24 hours per week (Monday to Friday) Work base: Kettering  Head Office. Visa Required: Applicants must be eligible to work in the specified location" "['vacancy', 'arisen', 'experienced', 'clinical', 'nurse', 'independent', 'organisation', 'northamptonshire', 'organisation', 'offer', 'community', 'users', 'range', 'palliative', 'physical', 'disabilities', 'acquired', 'brain', 'injuries', ""children's"", 'main', 'purpose', 'day', 'day', 'provision', 'nursing', 'lead', 'oversight', 'delivery', 'nursing', 'contracts', 'ensuring', 'operate', 'accordance', 'policies', 'procedures', 'quality', 'outcomes', 'packages', 'delivered', 'community', 'domiciliary', 'setting', 'agency', 'vulnerable', 'adults', 'children', 'extensive', 'assessing', 'providing', 'people', 'complex', 'long', 'term', 'conditions', 'professional', 'qualification', 'registered', 'nurse', 'rn', 'registered', ""children's"", 'nurse', 'rscn', 'ideally', 'minimum', 'years', 'community', 'social', 'preferably', 'recognised', 'qualification', 'nvq', 'teaching', 'qualification', 'essential', 'driver', 'ideally', 'car', 'owner', 'require', 'national', 'travel', 'possibly', 'unsociable', 'hours', 'pa', 'dependent', 'range', 'benefits', 'hours', 'week', 'monday', 'friday', 'base', 'kettering', 'head', 'office', 'visa', 'applicants', 'eligible', 'location']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: FT /PT PERMANENT SALARIED GP REQUIRED IN KENT, **** **** pro rata PLUS
Webindex: 69568022
Company: Merco
Description: Grade: GP Type: NHS Location: Kent Start Date: January 20****3 Hours: 37.5 Hours per week Pay: **** pro rota, Plus bonus ARE YOU LOOKING FOR A NEW ROLE FOR THE NEW YEAR? MERCO HAS THE FOLLOWING NEW PERMANENT POSITION IN THE KENT AREA: Merco Recruitment is contracted suppliers to many Primary Care providers across the UK. One of our biggest GP clients is looking to fill full time permanent posts for the following new position: Our client is a leading provider of Primary Care services in England. They operate almost 20 sites that include OOHs, Walk in Centre's, Urgent Care Centres and General Practice. Due to planned growth they are keen to hear from GPs interested in taking up salaried posts within Kent area. Permanent position 37.5 hrs per week up to **** plus bonus •MDU paid •5 weeks holiday plus bank holidays •Full NHS pension (14%) •CDP •37.5 hours  **** sessions A bit more about us Merco is recognised as one of the fastest growing medical recruitment agencies in the UK. We have GP jobs available across the UK with NHS and Independent healthcare organisations. We are contracted to provide day to day GP cover to over **** planned and unplanned primary care services across the UK. We can offer you work in: •Private GP, Health screening and Wellness Clinics •General Practice •Walk in Centres •Urgent Care Centres •OOH •HM Prisons •MOD You should register with Merco for your next GP job because: •You will be offered work quickly •You can choose from locum, fixed term and salaried jobs •You get paid well and you get paid weekly •You deal with just 1 person  we're not a call centre •You can register with us in just a few minutes For general information about joining Merco and to discuss suitable work opportunities you should contact our Primary Care Resourcer Yass Bojang on or at" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00594.txt " FT /PT PERMANENT SALARIED GP REQUIRED IN KENT, **** **** pro rata PLUS" " 69568022" " Merco" " Grade: GP Type: NHS Location: Kent Start Date: January 20****3 Hours: 37.5 Hours per week Pay: **** pro rota, Plus bonus ARE YOU LOOKING FOR A NEW ROLE FOR THE NEW YEAR? MERCO HAS THE FOLLOWING NEW PERMANENT POSITION IN THE KENT AREA: Merco Recruitment is contracted suppliers to many Primary Care providers across the UK. One of our biggest GP clients is looking to fill full time permanent posts for the following new position: Our client is a leading provider of Primary Care services in England. They operate almost 20 sites that include OOHs, Walk in Centre's, Urgent Care Centres and General Practice. Due to planned growth they are keen to hear from GPs interested in taking up salaried posts within Kent area. Permanent position 37.5 hrs per week up to **** plus bonus •MDU paid •5 weeks holiday plus bank holidays •Full NHS pension (14%) •CDP •37.5 hours  **** sessions A bit more about us Merco is recognised as one of the fastest growing medical recruitment agencies in the UK. We have GP jobs available across the UK with NHS and Independent healthcare organisations. We are contracted to provide day to day GP cover to over **** planned and unplanned primary care services across the UK. We can offer you work in: •Private GP, Health screening and Wellness Clinics •General Practice •Walk in Centres •Urgent Care Centres •OOH •HM Prisons •MOD You should register with Merco for your next GP job because: •You will be offered work quickly •You can choose from locum, fixed term and salaried jobs •You get paid well and you get paid weekly •You deal with just 1 person  we're not a call centre •You can register with us in just a few minutes For general information about joining Merco and to discuss suitable work opportunities you should contact our Primary Care Resourcer Yass Bojang on or at" "['grade', 'gp', 'type', 'nhs', 'location', 'kent', 'start', 'date', 'january', 'hours', 'hours', 'week', 'pay', 'pro', 'rota', 'bonus', 'year', 'merco', 'permanent', 'kent', 'area', 'merco', 'contracted', 'suppliers', 'primary', 'providers', 'biggest', 'gp', 'fill', 'time', 'permanent', 'posts', 'provider', 'primary', 'england', 'operate', 'sites', 'include', 'walk', ""centre's"", 'urgent', 'centres', 'general', 'practice', 'due', 'planned', 'growth', 'keen', 'hear', 'gps', 'interested', 'taking', 'salaried', 'posts', 'kent', 'area', 'permanent', 'hrs', 'week', 'bonus', 'paid', 'weeks', 'holiday', 'bank', 'holidays', 'nhs', 'pension', 'hours', 'sessions', 'bit', 'merco', 'recognised', 'fastest', 'growing', 'medical', 'agencies', 'gp', 'jobs', 'nhs', 'independent', 'healthcare', 'organisations', 'contracted', 'day', 'day', 'gp', 'cover', 'planned', 'primary', 'offer', 'private', 'gp', 'health', 'screening', 'wellness', 'clinics', 'general', 'practice', 'walk', 'centres', 'urgent', 'centres', 'ooh', 'hm', 'mod', 'register', 'merco', 'gp', 'offered', 'quickly', 'choose', 'locum', 'fixed', 'term', 'salaried', 'jobs', 'paid', 'paid', 'weekly', 'deal', 'person', 'call', 'centre', 'register', 'minutes', 'general', 'information', 'joining', 'merco', 'discuss', 'suitable', 'opportunities', 'contact', 'primary', 'resourcer']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Care and Support Enabler and Homecare
Webindex: 69191349
Company: Guinness Care and Support
Description: Guinness Care and Support are looking for versatile, flexible individuals who are comfortable working out in the community, providing personal care and support to customers with a range of needs. We can provide full or part time hours and are looking for people who can be flexible to work shifts between 7am to 10pm, on a 7 day rota. The purpose of this role is to provide a high quality and customer focused care and support service that responds to the needs of our customers, enhances their quality of life and promotes independence. You will be able to demonstrate a caring and supportive attitude towards vulnerable people, be able to work a flexible shift pattern, have good communication skills, be able to work on your initiative and possess a good level of literacy and numeracy. A full driving licence and access to a vehicle is essential for this position. Mileage will be paid at ****p per mile, travel time paid at the normal hourly rate. Please note we do not accept CVs for our vacancies unless accompanied by a completed application form. Once we have received your application we will get in touch with shortlisted applicants within two weeks. If you do not hear from us please assume that your application hasn't been successful this time. Please accept our apologies for not being able to acknowledge all applications. Please note that an enhanced Criminal Records Bureau check will be required for this role and in return we offer excellent benefits, first class training and development and we are committed to equal opportunities. Closing date: 31st January 2013" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00426.txt " Care and Support Enabler and Homecare" " 69191349" " Guinness Care and Support" " Guinness Care and Support are looking for versatile, flexible individuals who are comfortable working out in the community, providing personal care and support to customers with a range of needs. We can provide full or part time hours and are looking for people who can be flexible to work shifts between 7am to 10pm, on a 7 day rota. The purpose of this role is to provide a high quality and customer focused care and support service that responds to the needs of our customers, enhances their quality of life and promotes independence. You will be able to demonstrate a caring and supportive attitude towards vulnerable people, be able to work a flexible shift pattern, have good communication skills, be able to work on your initiative and possess a good level of literacy and numeracy. A full driving licence and access to a vehicle is essential for this position. Mileage will be paid at ****p per mile, travel time paid at the normal hourly rate. Please note we do not accept CVs for our vacancies unless accompanied by a completed application form. Once we have received your application we will get in touch with shortlisted applicants within two weeks. If you do not hear from us please assume that your application hasn't been successful this time. Please accept our apologies for not being able to acknowledge all applications. Please note that an enhanced Criminal Records Bureau check will be required for this role and in return we offer excellent benefits, first class training and development and we are committed to equal opportunities. Closing date: 31st January 2013" "['versatile', 'flexible', 'individuals', 'comfortable', 'community', 'providing', 'personal', 'customers', 'range', 'part', 'time', 'hours', 'people', 'flexible', 'shifts', 'pm', 'day', 'rota', 'purpose', 'quality', 'focused', 'customers', 'enhances', 'quality', 'life', 'promotes', 'independence', 'demonstrate', 'caring', 'supportive', 'attitude', 'vulnerable', 'people', 'flexible', 'shift', 'pattern', 'communication', 'initiative', 'possess', 'level', 'literacy', 'numeracy', 'driving', 'licence', 'access', 'vehicle', 'essential', 'mileage', 'paid', 'mile', 'travel', 'time', 'paid', 'normal', 'hourly', 'rate', 'note', 'accept', 'cvs', 'vacancies', 'completed', 'application', 'form', 'received', 'application', 'touch', 'shortlisted', 'applicants', 'weeks', 'hear', 'assume', 'application', 'time', 'accept', 'applications', 'note', 'enhanced', 'criminal', 'records', 'bureau', 'check', 'return', 'offer', 'benefits', 'class', 'committed', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'closing', 'date', 'st', 'january']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Senior Technical Account Analyst
Webindex: 71142126
Description: Working collaboratively with the functional areas of the business, in particular, Underwriting, Core Pricing and the Trading Teams, you will be responsible for the technical analysis, performance monitoring and management of a designated Broker portfolio of Motor Home accounts to ensure our projected mix of business and ultimate profitability is realised resulting in achievement of Corporate Plan objectives, targets and overall Retail strategy. Ensuring the workload is appropriate, sufficiently varied and suitably challenging, you will take responsibility for the leadership and management of a direct report who will in turn be responsible for their own portfolio of accounts that operate similar trading models to your own. Allowing provision for quality and responsive service to internal and external customers, you will provide timely and accurate analysis, interacting and providing the necessary ongoing technical support. You will;  Develop and maintain an indepth knowledge of the trading dynamics and characteristics of the accounts allocated to you.  Conduct regular proactive monitoring and analysis of KPI's/business profiles.  Act upon emerging trends identified, making recommendations for change as appropriate.  Exploit opportunities from within the portfolio and significantly contribute to the commercial evaluation of new opportunities and propositions applying an innovative and creative approach.  Represent Technical both internally and externally providing requisite technical support Who we re looking for  Proven portfolio management experience in a Personal Lines environment.  Proven analytical and data interpretation skills.  Excellent MS Excel and Access skills  SAS experience desirable.  Data dexterity  comfortable working with large volumes of data from disparate sources.  Ability to analyse conflicting data.  Recognise key factors and have the ability to identify emerging trends and act upon them.  Ability to gain and maintain a firm grasp of the business and the context which it and the functions within are operating.  Experience of P L models  experience in the evaluation and creation of business cases.  Experience of the intermediated UK Personal Lines market and the varied business models being operated.  Negotiation experience  ability to influence discussions at all levels, both internally and externally. Able to put a case across and set action as a result.  Proven people management experience.  Technically competent  ACII qualified or progress towards preferred.  Excellent knowledge of the Home Motor UK intermediated market.  Confident, self believer with a positive attitude  looks for and finds solutions  logical thinker.  Proven high degree of numerical ability.  Ability to apply analytical thinking.  Excellent judgement and intuition.  Trading mentality  strategic thinker.  Excellent communication skills.  Understands the business implications of their analysis, rec About our client Our client is one of the best know insurance business in the world. What s on offer An excellent salary and package working within an interesting and challenging role." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00240.txt " Senior Technical Account Analyst" " 71142126"  " Working collaboratively with the functional areas of the business, in particular, Underwriting, Core Pricing and the Trading Teams, you will be responsible for the technical analysis, performance monitoring and management of a designated Broker portfolio of Motor Home accounts to ensure our projected mix of business and ultimate profitability is realised resulting in achievement of Corporate Plan objectives, targets and overall Retail strategy. Ensuring the workload is appropriate, sufficiently varied and suitably challenging, you will take responsibility for the leadership and management of a direct report who will in turn be responsible for their own portfolio of accounts that operate similar trading models to your own. Allowing provision for quality and responsive service to internal and external customers, you will provide timely and accurate analysis, interacting and providing the necessary ongoing technical support. You will;  Develop and maintain an indepth knowledge of the trading dynamics and characteristics of the accounts allocated to you.  Conduct regular proactive monitoring and analysis of KPI's/business profiles.  Act upon emerging trends identified, making recommendations for change as appropriate.  Exploit opportunities from within the portfolio and significantly contribute to the commercial evaluation of new opportunities and propositions applying an innovative and creative approach.  Represent Technical both internally and externally providing requisite technical support Who we re looking for  Proven portfolio management experience in a Personal Lines environment.  Proven analytical and data interpretation skills.  Excellent MS Excel and Access skills  SAS experience desirable.  Data dexterity  comfortable working with large volumes of data from disparate sources.  Ability to analyse conflicting data.  Recognise key factors and have the ability to identify emerging trends and act upon them.  Ability to gain and maintain a firm grasp of the business and the context which it and the functions within are operating.  Experience of P L models  experience in the evaluation and creation of business cases.  Experience of the intermediated UK Personal Lines market and the varied business models being operated.  Negotiation experience  ability to influence discussions at all levels, both internally and externally. Able to put a case across and set action as a result.  Proven people management experience.  Technically competent  ACII qualified or progress towards preferred.  Excellent knowledge of the Home Motor UK intermediated market.  Confident, self believer with a positive attitude  looks for and finds solutions  logical thinker.  Proven high degree of numerical ability.  Ability to apply analytical thinking.  Excellent judgement and intuition.  Trading mentality  strategic thinker.  Excellent communication skills.  Understands the business implications of their analysis, rec About our client Our client is one of the best know insurance business in the world. What s on offer An excellent salary and package working within an interesting and challenging role." "['functional', 'areas', 'underwriting', 'core', 'pricing', 'trading', 'teams', 'responsible', 'technical', 'analysis', 'performance', 'monitoring', 'designated', 'broker', 'portfolio', 'motor', 'accounts', 'projected', 'mix', 'ultimate', 'profitability', 'realised', 'resulting', 'achievement', 'corporate', 'plan', 'objectives', 'targets', 'retail', 'strategy', 'ensuring', 'workload', 'varied', 'suitably', 'challenging', 'responsibility', 'leadership', 'direct', 'report', 'turn', 'responsible', 'portfolio', 'accounts', 'operate', 'similar', 'trading', 'models', 'allowing', 'provision', 'quality', 'responsive', 'internal', 'external', 'customers', 'timely', 'accurate', 'analysis', 'interacting', 'providing', 'ongoing', 'technical', 'develop', 'maintain', 'indepth', 'trading', 'dynamics', 'characteristics', 'accounts', 'allocated', 'conduct', 'regular', 'proactive', 'monitoring', 'analysis', ""kpi's"", 'profiles', 'act', 'emerging', 'trends', 'identified', 'making', 'recommendations', 'change', 'opportunities', 'portfolio', 'significantly', 'contribute', 'commercial', 'evaluation', 'opportunities', 'propositions', 'applying', 'innovative', 'creative', 'approach', 'represent', 'technical', 'internally', 'externally', 'providing', 'technical', 'proven', 'portfolio', 'personal', 'lines', 'environment', 'proven', 'analytical', 'data', 'interpretation', 'ms', 'excel', 'access', 'desirable', 'data', 'comfortable', 'large', 'volumes', 'data', 'sources', 'analyse', 'conflicting', 'data', 'recognise', 'key', 'factors', 'identify', 'emerging', 'trends', 'act', 'gain', 'maintain', 'firm', 'grasp', 'context', 'functions', 'operating', 'models', 'evaluation', 'creation', 'cases', 'intermediated', 'personal', 'lines', 'market', 'varied', 'models', 'operated', 'negotiation', 'influence', 'discussions', 'levels', 'internally', 'externally', 'put', 'case', 'set', 'action', 'result', 'proven', 'people', 'technically', 'competent', 'acii', 'qualified', 'progress', 'preferred', 'motor', 'intermediated', 'market', 'confident', 'positive', 'attitude', 'solutions', 'logical', 'thinker', 'proven', 'degree', 'numerical', 'analytical', 'thinking', 'judgement', 'trading', 'mentality', 'strategic', 'thinker', 'communication', 'understands', 'implications', 'analysis', 'rec', 'insurance', 'world', 'offer', 'package', 'interesting', 'challenging']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: French A / C Payable Clerk
Webindex: 72481557
Company: Meridian Business Support Limited
Description: A well established global company based in Gloucestershire requires an Accounts Payable Clerk who is fluent in French. A fantastic opportunity on a **** month temporary contract. You will be responsible for recording invoices and general ledger entries, reconciling vendor statement, research and correct and discrepancies, payment processing, ensure payments are up to date, resolve any invoice discrepancies, and respond to all vendor enquiries. You must have experience within a finance department preferably in an international Accounts Payable environment or in a SSC, with business administration and accounting education being desirable. It is essential that you are fluent in French with good verbal and written communication skills in English and French. Fluency in a third language would also be highly beneficial. Some knowledge of SAP would be advantageous but training can be provided. The successful candidate will have excellent problem solving skills, good organisational ability with a keen eye for detail.Meridian Business Support are acting on behalf of our Clients as a Recruitment Business." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00345.txt " French A / C Payable Clerk" " 72481557" " Meridian Business Support Limited" " A well established global company based in Gloucestershire requires an Accounts Payable Clerk who is fluent in French. A fantastic opportunity on a **** month temporary contract. You will be responsible for recording invoices and general ledger entries, reconciling vendor statement, research and correct and discrepancies, payment processing, ensure payments are up to date, resolve any invoice discrepancies, and respond to all vendor enquiries. You must have experience within a finance department preferably in an international Accounts Payable environment or in a SSC, with business administration and accounting education being desirable. It is essential that you are fluent in French with good verbal and written communication skills in English and French. Fluency in a third language would also be highly beneficial. Some knowledge of SAP would be advantageous but training can be provided. The successful candidate will have excellent problem solving skills, good organisational ability with a keen eye for detail.Meridian Business Support are acting on behalf of our Clients as a Recruitment Business." "['established', 'global', 'gloucestershire', 'requires', 'accounts', 'payable', 'clerk', 'fluent', 'french', 'fantastic', 'month', 'temporary', 'contract', 'responsible', 'recording', 'invoices', 'general', 'ledger', 'entries', 'reconciling', 'vendor', 'statement', 'research', 'correct', 'discrepancies', 'payment', 'processing', 'payments', 'date', 'resolve', 'invoice', 'discrepancies', 'respond', 'vendor', 'enquiries', 'finance', 'department', 'preferably', 'international', 'accounts', 'payable', 'environment', 'administration', 'accounting', 'education', 'desirable', 'essential', 'fluent', 'french', 'verbal', 'written', 'communication', 'english', 'french', 'fluency', 'language', 'highly', 'beneficial', 'sap', 'advantageous', 'provided', 'problem', 'solving', 'organisational', 'keen', 'eye', 'detail', 'meridian', 'acting', 'behalf']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Community Nurse RGN
Webindex: 69539327
Company: Compass Associates
Description: Community Nurse RGN Cambridgeshire Permanent/Full Time Salary **** Compass Associates are working with a private Healthcare group to recruit a community nurse to join a busy team working across Surrey and Berkshire. The candidate will need to have 3 years post qualification experience, be skilled in IV treatment/therapy and also venepuncture. As well as working autonomously the ideal candidate will also need to support and mentor more junior members of the team occasionally. Close monitoring of the system for patient focussed care is essential including assessment, planning, delivery and evaluation of care in line with company policies. This requires the position to carry a clinical workload on a planned basis. Effective time management and keyboard skills are also essential. The candidate must be RGN Registered, with knowledge of infection control policies together with health and safety regulations and hold a full driving license. Applicants must have the right to work in the EU. Employment subject to enhanced CRB checks To apply for this position please call Ewan Buckle at Compass Associates on (Apply online only) or email your CV" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00559.txt " Community Nurse RGN" " 69539327" " Compass Associates" " Community Nurse RGN Cambridgeshire Permanent/Full Time Salary **** Compass Associates are working with a private Healthcare group to recruit a community nurse to join a busy team working across Surrey and Berkshire. The candidate will need to have 3 years post qualification experience, be skilled in IV treatment/therapy and also venepuncture. As well as working autonomously the ideal candidate will also need to support and mentor more junior members of the team occasionally. Close monitoring of the system for patient focussed care is essential including assessment, planning, delivery and evaluation of care in line with company policies. This requires the position to carry a clinical workload on a planned basis. Effective time management and keyboard skills are also essential. The candidate must be RGN Registered, with knowledge of infection control policies together with health and safety regulations and hold a full driving license. Applicants must have the right to work in the EU. Employment subject to enhanced CRB checks To apply for this position please call Ewan Buckle at Compass Associates on (Apply online only) or email your CV" "['community', 'nurse', 'rgn', 'cambridgeshire', 'permanent', 'time', 'compass', 'associates', 'private', 'healthcare', 'group', 'recruit', 'community', 'nurse', 'busy', 'surrey', 'berkshire', 'years', 'post', 'qualification', 'skilled', 'iv', 'treatment', 'therapy', 'autonomously', 'ideal', 'mentor', 'junior', 'members', 'occasionally', 'close', 'monitoring', 'system', 'patient', 'focussed', 'essential', 'assessment', 'planning', 'delivery', 'evaluation', 'line', 'policies', 'requires', 'carry', 'clinical', 'workload', 'planned', 'basis', 'effective', 'time', 'keyboard', 'essential', 'rgn', 'registered', 'infection', 'control', 'policies', 'health', 'safety', 'regulations', 'hold', 'driving', 'license', 'applicants', 'eu', 'employment', 'subject', 'enhanced', 'crb', 'checks', 'call', 'ewan', 'buckle', 'compass', 'associates', 'online', 'email', 'cv']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Senior Hardware Design Engineer (Digital, ARM/Intel Micros)
Webindex: 72236089
Company: JAM Recruitment Ltd.
Description: A world leading security technology organisation is expanding in to new areas. They require an experienced Hardware Design Engineer to join there medium sized design and development team. With over half a million employees worldwide, this area of the company is highly profitable because of their innovative ideas. The Role… The successful Hardware Design Engineer will report directly to the Embedded Systems Manager. The role is a full lifecycle development role delivering project based work to specific timelines. Overall, they're looking for an engineer who can come in and update their current product portfolio with new and innovative technologies. You… You'll be responsible for the design, implementation and testing of high end electronic circuits for manufacturing. You'll be required to follow and adhere to project schedules as well as ensure all hardware is within budget and meets defined standards. Technical Skills:  Digital Electronics Design  High End Microcontroller Design  ARM, Intel MIPS  FPGA/CPLD design using VHDL  Schematic Capture/PCB Design Layout  EMC Design, Test Compliance The role of Hardware Design Engineer offers a great deal of diversity working for a fast growing business in the security industry. As the business develops, there will be opportunities for career progression as the business will require more experienced engineers. As a multinational organisation, there is strong stability in this position and a good platform to kick on with your career. If you are interested in the position, looking to further develop you career in hardware design please forward your CV or call Jack on **** **** **** Interviews will be taking place throughout January February, so please apply as soon as possible If this hardware design engineer role isn't of interest to yourself, but you know of someone who could be, JAM operates a referral scheme. You can earn yourself **** in vouchers for the successful placement of a candidate you give us. JAM is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position View our latest jobs today at www.jamrecruitment.co.uk and follow us on Facebook, Twitter LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorHardwareDesignEngineerDigitalARMIntelMicros_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00211.txt " Senior Hardware Design Engineer (Digital, ARM/Intel Micros)" " 72236089" " JAM Recruitment Ltd." " A world leading security technology organisation is expanding in to new areas. They require an experienced Hardware Design Engineer to join there medium sized design and development team. With over half a million employees worldwide, this area of the company is highly profitable because of their innovative ideas. The Role… The successful Hardware Design Engineer will report directly to the Embedded Systems Manager. The role is a full lifecycle development role delivering project based work to specific timelines. Overall, they're looking for an engineer who can come in and update their current product portfolio with new and innovative technologies. You… You'll be responsible for the design, implementation and testing of high end electronic circuits for manufacturing. You'll be required to follow and adhere to project schedules as well as ensure all hardware is within budget and meets defined standards. Technical Skills:  Digital Electronics Design  High End Microcontroller Design  ARM, Intel MIPS  FPGA/CPLD design using VHDL  Schematic Capture/PCB Design Layout  EMC Design, Test Compliance The role of Hardware Design Engineer offers a great deal of diversity working for a fast growing business in the security industry. As the business develops, there will be opportunities for career progression as the business will require more experienced engineers. As a multinational organisation, there is strong stability in this position and a good platform to kick on with your career. If you are interested in the position, looking to further develop you career in hardware design please forward your CV or call Jack on **** **** **** Interviews will be taking place throughout January February, so please apply as soon as possible If this hardware design engineer role isn't of interest to yourself, but you know of someone who could be, JAM operates a referral scheme. You can earn yourself **** in vouchers for the successful placement of a candidate you give us. JAM is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position View our latest jobs today at www.jamrecruitment.co.uk and follow us on Facebook, Twitter LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorHardwareDesignEngineerDigitalARMIntelMicros_job****" "['world', 'security', 'technology', 'organisation', 'expanding', 'areas', 'require', 'experienced', 'hardware', 'medium', 'sized', 'half', 'million', 'employees', 'worldwide', 'area', 'highly', 'profitable', 'innovative', 'ideas', 'hardware', 'report', 'directly', 'embedded', 'lifecycle', 'delivering', 'project', 'specific', 'timelines', 'update', 'current', 'product', 'portfolio', 'innovative', 'technologies', 'responsible', 'implementation', 'testing', 'end', 'electronic', 'circuits', 'manufacturing', 'follow', 'adhere', 'project', 'schedules', 'hardware', 'budget', 'meets', 'defined', 'standards', 'technical', 'digital', 'electronics', 'end', 'microcontroller', 'arm', 'fpga', 'vhdl', 'schematic', 'capture', 'pcb', 'layout', 'emc', 'test', 'compliance', 'hardware', 'offers', 'great', 'deal', 'diversity', 'fast', 'growing', 'security', 'industry', 'develops', 'opportunities', 'career', 'progression', 'require', 'experienced', 'engineers', 'multinational', 'organisation', 'stability', 'platform', 'kick', 'career', 'interested', 'develop', 'career', 'hardware', 'forward', 'cv', 'call', 'interviews', 'taking', 'place', 'january', 'february', 'hardware', 'interest', 'jam', 'operates', 'referral', 'scheme', 'earn', 'vouchers', 'placement', 'give', 'jam', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'view', 'latest', 'jobs', 'today', 'www', 'jamrecruitment', 'follow', 'facebook', 'twitter', 'linkedin', 'jam', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Recruitment Consultant  Contract  Media Division
Webindex: 72233918
Company: Timothy James Consulting
Description: Recruitment Consultant  Contract  Media Division Up to ****k  Commission and Benefits London Mayfair Are you a Recruitment Consultant that is looking for opportunities for development and career progression in 2013? Well why not join one of the UK's fastest growing companies? If company culture is what is important to you then we have the support, professionalism and fun to take you all the way in your career. The Company Voted in the Top 10 Best Places to work by Sunday Times Timothy James Consulting is an innovative and dynamic place to work with exciting career opportunities. Due to the fantastic year on year growth, and move into brand new offices based in Mayfair, we are now looking to expand our London team and are seeking driven Consultants to join our success. The Team Working with our Contract Consultants will see you joining a hard working team with significant experience under their belt, supporting each other, cross selling and utilising their individual strengths. They also like to have fun and often spend time with each other outside of work. They are currently one of the highest performing teams in the company so come and join them and help add to their amazing achievements. You As a Recruitment Consultant what we look is drive, commitment and sales ability and we will support you every step of the way in your career. We have a diverse range of backgrounds in our organisation but we all have one thing in common  PASSION. What We Offer  Competitive salary plus lucrative commission structure  Strong, supportive company culture  Ongoing development with real opportunities for career advancement  Reward and recognition including lunch club to fine dining restaurants, company holidays and all expenses paid team nights out and much more If you are fed up of working for and organisation that offers no recognition and the chance to grow, and want to make a change in 2013 this is an opportunity that is not to be missed. For more information please contact Ben Gill on b.gilltimothyjamesconsulting.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RecruitmentConsultantContractMediaDivision_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00734.txt " Recruitment Consultant  Contract  Media Division" " 72233918" " Timothy James Consulting" " Recruitment Consultant  Contract  Media Division Up to ****k  Commission and Benefits London Mayfair Are you a Recruitment Consultant that is looking for opportunities for development and career progression in 2013? Well why not join one of the UK's fastest growing companies? If company culture is what is important to you then we have the support, professionalism and fun to take you all the way in your career. The Company Voted in the Top 10 Best Places to work by Sunday Times Timothy James Consulting is an innovative and dynamic place to work with exciting career opportunities. Due to the fantastic year on year growth, and move into brand new offices based in Mayfair, we are now looking to expand our London team and are seeking driven Consultants to join our success. The Team Working with our Contract Consultants will see you joining a hard working team with significant experience under their belt, supporting each other, cross selling and utilising their individual strengths. They also like to have fun and often spend time with each other outside of work. They are currently one of the highest performing teams in the company so come and join them and help add to their amazing achievements. You As a Recruitment Consultant what we look is drive, commitment and sales ability and we will support you every step of the way in your career. We have a diverse range of backgrounds in our organisation but we all have one thing in common  PASSION. What We Offer  Competitive salary plus lucrative commission structure  Strong, supportive company culture  Ongoing development with real opportunities for career advancement  Reward and recognition including lunch club to fine dining restaurants, company holidays and all expenses paid team nights out and much more If you are fed up of working for and organisation that offers no recognition and the chance to grow, and want to make a change in 2013 this is an opportunity that is not to be missed. For more information please contact Ben Gill on b.gilltimothyjamesconsulting.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RecruitmentConsultantContractMediaDivision_job****" "['consultant', 'contract', 'media', 'division', 'commission', 'benefits', 'london', 'mayfair', 'consultant', 'opportunities', 'career', 'progression', ""uk's"", 'fastest', 'growing', 'companies', 'culture', 'important', 'professionalism', 'fun', 'career', 'top', 'places', 'sunday', 'times', 'james', 'consulting', 'innovative', 'dynamic', 'place', 'exciting', 'career', 'opportunities', 'due', 'fantastic', 'year', 'year', 'growth', 'move', 'brand', 'offices', 'mayfair', 'expand', 'london', 'seeking', 'driven', 'consultants', 'success', 'contract', 'consultants', 'joining', 'hard', 'significant', 'belt', 'supporting', 'cross', 'selling', 'utilising', 'individual', 'strengths', 'fun', 'spend', 'time', 'highest', 'performing', 'teams', 'add', 'amazing', 'achievements', 'consultant', 'drive', 'commitment', 'step', 'career', 'diverse', 'range', 'backgrounds', 'organisation', 'thing', 'common', 'passion', 'offer', 'competitive', 'lucrative', 'commission', 'structure', 'supportive', 'culture', 'ongoing', 'real', 'opportunities', 'career', 'advancement', 'reward', 'recognition', 'lunch', 'club', 'fine', 'restaurants', 'holidays', 'expenses', 'paid', 'nights', 'organisation', 'offers', 'recognition', 'chance', 'grow', 'make', 'change', 'missed', 'information', 'contact', 'ben', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Lead Project Planner (EVM)
Webindex: 68546047
Company: JAM Recruitment Ltd
Description: Lead Project Coordinators (EVM) required for a fulltime position based in South Wales (NP****) working for a leading defence security client. Salary is **** **** per annum  Bonus  Benefits  Relocation package offered Please note for this position you must hold a British Passport and be eligible to undergo Security Clearance to SC Level Relocators are also welcome to apply and my client can offer assistance to those who qualify Lead Project Coordinator  Scheduling / EVM This Senior Project Coordinator will be working on a number of new and upcoming projects in the areas of critical infrastructure and security systems. Your role will be to manage several areas of the project including scheduling, finance, risk resource and performance management. This organisation is a leading Defence consultancy and is located in very easy reach of the M4. They hold an outstanding history in the design and development of simulation systems for the defence, security and aerospace markets. Although based in the Newport area, this role is commutable from Cardiff, Swansea, Bristol and some of Gloucestershire and Herefordshire. JOB DESCRIPTION REQUIREMENTS Requirements  Can create, maintain and report project schedules using Microsoft Project, and use Earn Value Management (EVM) to effectively manage and report progress on a project.  Working knowledge of scheduling techniques to create including integrated projects as part of a programme  Working knowledge of a Risk Opportunities Management Process  Working knowledge of an EVM process  Working knowledge of resource management and the roles / disciplines used within projects / programmes. As a Project at the top of your profession you ll find this role to be both challenging and rewarding, whilst providing a brilliant chance to join a growing, successful organisation. The company offer an excellent salary and benefits package as well as great prospects for career progression. I would also like to draw your attention to our candidate referral scheme. If you can recommend a friend or colleague to us, who we subsequently place, then you will receive **** in gift vouchers. If you require further information my direct number is **** View our latest jobs today at URL removed and follow us on Facebook, Twitter LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00014.txt " Lead Project Planner (EVM)" " 68546047" " JAM Recruitment Ltd" " Lead Project Coordinators (EVM) required for a fulltime position based in South Wales (NP****) working for a leading defence security client. Salary is **** **** per annum  Bonus  Benefits  Relocation package offered Please note for this position you must hold a British Passport and be eligible to undergo Security Clearance to SC Level Relocators are also welcome to apply and my client can offer assistance to those who qualify Lead Project Coordinator  Scheduling / EVM This Senior Project Coordinator will be working on a number of new and upcoming projects in the areas of critical infrastructure and security systems. Your role will be to manage several areas of the project including scheduling, finance, risk resource and performance management. This organisation is a leading Defence consultancy and is located in very easy reach of the M4. They hold an outstanding history in the design and development of simulation systems for the defence, security and aerospace markets. Although based in the Newport area, this role is commutable from Cardiff, Swansea, Bristol and some of Gloucestershire and Herefordshire. JOB DESCRIPTION REQUIREMENTS Requirements  Can create, maintain and report project schedules using Microsoft Project, and use Earn Value Management (EVM) to effectively manage and report progress on a project.  Working knowledge of scheduling techniques to create including integrated projects as part of a programme  Working knowledge of a Risk Opportunities Management Process  Working knowledge of an EVM process  Working knowledge of resource management and the roles / disciplines used within projects / programmes. As a Project at the top of your profession you ll find this role to be both challenging and rewarding, whilst providing a brilliant chance to join a growing, successful organisation. The company offer an excellent salary and benefits package as well as great prospects for career progression. I would also like to draw your attention to our candidate referral scheme. If you can recommend a friend or colleague to us, who we subsequently place, then you will receive **** in gift vouchers. If you require further information my direct number is **** View our latest jobs today at URL removed and follow us on Facebook, Twitter LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position." "['lead', 'project', 'coordinators', 'evm', 'fulltime', 'south', 'wales', 'defence', 'security', 'annum', 'bonus', 'benefits', 'relocation', 'package', 'offered', 'note', 'hold', 'british', 'passport', 'eligible', 'undergo', 'security', 'clearance', 'sc', 'level', 'offer', 'assistance', 'qualify', 'lead', 'project', 'coordinator', 'scheduling', 'evm', 'senior', 'project', 'coordinator', 'number', 'projects', 'areas', 'critical', 'infrastructure', 'security', 'manage', 'areas', 'project', 'scheduling', 'finance', 'risk', 'resource', 'performance', 'organisation', 'defence', 'consultancy', 'located', 'easy', 'reach', 'hold', 'outstanding', 'history', 'simulation', 'defence', 'security', 'aerospace', 'markets', 'newport', 'area', 'commutable', 'cardiff', 'swansea', 'bristol', 'gloucestershire', 'description', 'requirements', 'requirements', 'create', 'maintain', 'report', 'project', 'schedules', 'microsoft', 'project', 'earn', 'evm', 'effectively', 'manage', 'report', 'progress', 'project', 'scheduling', 'techniques', 'create', 'integrated', 'projects', 'part', 'programme', 'risk', 'opportunities', 'process', 'evm', 'process', 'resource', 'roles', 'disciplines', 'projects', 'programmes', 'project', 'top', 'profession', 'll', 'find', 'challenging', 'rewarding', 'whilst', 'providing', 'brilliant', 'chance', 'growing', 'organisation', 'offer', 'benefits', 'package', 'great', 'prospects', 'career', 'progression', 'draw', 'attention', 'referral', 'scheme', 'recommend', 'friend', 'colleague', 'subsequently', 'place', 'receive', 'gift', 'vouchers', 'require', 'information', 'direct', 'number', 'view', 'latest', 'jobs', 'today', 'url', 'removed', 'follow', 'facebook', 'twitter', 'linkedin', 'jam', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency']" Engineering
"Title: Metal Detection Expert
Webindex: 68217600
Company: Network Recruitment Partnership
Description: Product Support Specialist  Metal Detection Salary: ****  **** Car Location: Winchfield Product support specialist opportunity with a leading specialist capital equipment company. The Product Support Specialist will be taking control of Quality Improvement and Correct Action Team, taking ownership of internal and external customer issues for Metal Detection products, taking a proactive approach to root cause analysis and implementing product obsolescence programs for Metal Detector products. The Product Support Specialist will be responsible for up skilling the service team, managing improvement projects and dealing with external customer enquires. Experience of Food Safety Inspection equipment such as metal detectors, checkweighers, Xray systems and combination systems is essential. This role would suit Service Engineers, Commissioning Engineers, Product Support Specialists with experience actively working with Metal Detection Systems, Specialist packaging and / or Xray equipment. Ideally you will have: Good Technical / Electrical / Electronics skills Field Service, Commissioning, Breakdown, Repair experience Willing and able to travel to customer sites in different countries A valid driving license The company offer excellent training and development opportunities and the autonomy to manage your own projects and innovation. They offer a competitive salary of ****  ****  Car Apply Online Network Recruitment Partnership Ltd provides specialist skills to the automotive, aerospace, food & drink, electrical/electronic technology, energy, engineering, manufacturing, supply chain, social housing and professional services sectors, with a portfolio including advertising search, recruitment process outsourcing (RPO), interim management, permanent and contract recruitment services. Engaging Professionals, Delivering Talent  Network Group Holdings is an Equal Opportunities Employer" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00012.txt " Metal Detection Expert" " 68217600" " Network Recruitment Partnership" " Product Support Specialist  Metal Detection Salary: ****  **** Car Location: Winchfield Product support specialist opportunity with a leading specialist capital equipment company. The Product Support Specialist will be taking control of Quality Improvement and Correct Action Team, taking ownership of internal and external customer issues for Metal Detection products, taking a proactive approach to root cause analysis and implementing product obsolescence programs for Metal Detector products. The Product Support Specialist will be responsible for up skilling the service team, managing improvement projects and dealing with external customer enquires. Experience of Food Safety Inspection equipment such as metal detectors, checkweighers, Xray systems and combination systems is essential. This role would suit Service Engineers, Commissioning Engineers, Product Support Specialists with experience actively working with Metal Detection Systems, Specialist packaging and / or Xray equipment. Ideally you will have: Good Technical / Electrical / Electronics skills Field Service, Commissioning, Breakdown, Repair experience Willing and able to travel to customer sites in different countries A valid driving license The company offer excellent training and development opportunities and the autonomy to manage your own projects and innovation. They offer a competitive salary of ****  ****  Car Apply Online Network Recruitment Partnership Ltd provides specialist skills to the automotive, aerospace, food & drink, electrical/electronic technology, energy, engineering, manufacturing, supply chain, social housing and professional services sectors, with a portfolio including advertising search, recruitment process outsourcing (RPO), interim management, permanent and contract recruitment services. Engaging Professionals, Delivering Talent  Network Group Holdings is an Equal Opportunities Employer" "['product', 'specialist', 'metal', 'detection', 'car', 'location', 'product', 'specialist', 'specialist', 'capital', 'equipment', 'product', 'specialist', 'taking', 'control', 'quality', 'improvement', 'correct', 'action', 'taking', 'ownership', 'internal', 'external', 'issues', 'metal', 'detection', 'products', 'taking', 'proactive', 'approach', 'root', 'analysis', 'implementing', 'product', 'obsolescence', 'programs', 'metal', 'products', 'product', 'specialist', 'responsible', 'skilling', 'managing', 'improvement', 'projects', 'dealing', 'external', 'food', 'safety', 'inspection', 'equipment', 'metal', 'xray', 'combination', 'essential', 'suit', 'engineers', 'commissioning', 'engineers', 'product', 'specialists', 'actively', 'metal', 'detection', 'specialist', 'packaging', 'xray', 'equipment', 'ideally', 'technical', 'electrical', 'electronics', 'field', 'commissioning', 'breakdown', 'repair', 'travel', 'sites', 'countries', 'valid', 'driving', 'license', 'offer', 'opportunities', 'autonomy', 'manage', 'projects', 'innovation', 'offer', 'competitive', 'car', 'online', 'network', 'partnership', 'specialist', 'automotive', 'aerospace', 'food', 'drink', 'electrical', 'electronic', 'technology', 'energy', 'manufacturing', 'supply', 'chain', 'social', 'housing', 'professional', 'sectors', 'portfolio', 'advertising', 'search', 'process', 'outsourcing', 'interim', 'permanent', 'contract', 'engaging', 'professionals', 'delivering', 'talent', 'network', 'group', 'holdings', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer']" Engineering
"Title: Flexible Domestic Assistant
Webindex: 72478300
Company: PENDERELS TRUST
Description: FLEXIBLE DOMESTIC ASSISTANT REQUIRED Wallisdown area **** hrs one day a wk / **** an hr. Apply at www.penderels trust.org.uk or phone **** **** ref MW/LL****" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00586.txt " Flexible Domestic Assistant" " 72478300" " PENDERELS TRUST" " FLEXIBLE DOMESTIC ASSISTANT REQUIRED Wallisdown area **** hrs one day a wk / **** an hr. Apply at www.penderels trust.org.uk or phone **** **** ref MW/LL****" "['flexible', 'domestic', 'assistant', 'area', 'hrs', 'day', 'hr', 'www', 'trust', 'org', 'phone', 'ref', 'll']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Carer / Support Worker
Webindex: 70598762
Company: Estio Healthcare
Description: Job title: Support Workers. Estio Healthcare is looking to employ a team of Support Workers to provide support to clients with health needs. We require a range of experience and skills in the care sector working within Bradford. Free Mandatory Training is provided and ongoing training including specialist areas for specific clients. Experience in Care is essential for this role. All staff are subject to an enhanced CRB discloser, which is to be paid for by the applicant. Must have a valid driving licence and own transport. Hours of work:  Shift work including days, nights and weekends. Must be available to cover shifts at short notice. For further information please email a CV to" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00429.txt " Carer / Support Worker" " 70598762" " Estio Healthcare" " Job title: Support Workers. Estio Healthcare is looking to employ a team of Support Workers to provide support to clients with health needs. We require a range of experience and skills in the care sector working within Bradford. Free Mandatory Training is provided and ongoing training including specialist areas for specific clients. Experience in Care is essential for this role. All staff are subject to an enhanced CRB discloser, which is to be paid for by the applicant. Must have a valid driving licence and own transport. Hours of work:  Shift work including days, nights and weekends. Must be available to cover shifts at short notice. For further information please email a CV to" "['title', 'workers', 'healthcare', 'employ', 'workers', 'health', 'require', 'range', 'sector', 'bradford', 'free', 'mandatory', 'provided', 'ongoing', 'specialist', 'areas', 'specific', 'essential', 'subject', 'enhanced', 'crb', 'paid', 'applicant', 'valid', 'driving', 'licence', 'transport', 'hours', 'shift', 'days', 'nights', 'weekends', 'cover', 'shifts', 'short', 'notice', 'information', 'email', 'cv']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Technical Account Manager
Webindex: 71171000
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Technical Account Manager ****  comm Our client, a leading media monetisation platform is looking to recruit a Technical Account Manager to join their vibrant team based in London. Our clients online content provides a service platform for Broadcasters, publishers and ad networks and pure online players that all benefit from our clients solutions. As Technical Account Manager, you will support the Commercial Director throughout the sales process. You will be technically aware handling requirements of propective clients, opening and showcasing demo accounts, working on prototypes ensuring all major technical aspects of a partnership are known. You will be driven and passionate to ensure all technical needs are met accurately and effectively. With enthusiasm you will build strong rapport with with clients with the aim to be on top of all tasks and demands. You will be involved with product training as new features are released as well as introducing new ideas and the best soutions within the market. You will have experience working in other key European markets and therefore multiple languages is preferred (Italian /Spanish or French) would be advantageous as there may be potential to work in new offices in Europe. You will be knowledgeable about the industry and the market enabling you to be aware of competitors and new trends, with XML, HTML/Javascript,Actionscript and experience troubleshooting client technical issues. If you have the drive and vision to be part of this exciting organisation then apply now. Key Responsibilities of the Technical Account Manager include: . You will be the main point of contact for client technical support and provide solutions . Develop a deep understanding of each clients strategic objectives . Deliver pre sales technical consultation along with the commercial team . Handle on going client roadmap driving prioritsation, analysis and resolution of complex technical issues . Manage customer training as neccessary . Proactive with product development, board meetings,and representing client needs . Get clients live in conjunction with Client Relation team Qualities we're looking for in the Technical Account Manager include: . Previous significant experience within B2B, media internet advertsing and monetisation with understanding of online video . Proven background building deep relationships with complex clients in an account management or consutative sales company . Simpler experience in client facing ad technology/adoperation roles . Multiple languages preferred (Italian/Spanish  essential, French optional) . Experience working in other key European markets preferred . Strong knowledge in XML, HTML/Javascript,Actionscript and experience troubleshooting client technical issues . UK Ad Operations and online publishers contacts . Excellent communication and presentation skills . A confident telephone and facetoface manner You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this position This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/TechnicalAccountManager_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00667.txt " Technical Account Manager" " 71171000" " Moriati Media UK Ltd" " Technical Account Manager ****  comm Our client, a leading media monetisation platform is looking to recruit a Technical Account Manager to join their vibrant team based in London. Our clients online content provides a service platform for Broadcasters, publishers and ad networks and pure online players that all benefit from our clients solutions. As Technical Account Manager, you will support the Commercial Director throughout the sales process. You will be technically aware handling requirements of propective clients, opening and showcasing demo accounts, working on prototypes ensuring all major technical aspects of a partnership are known. You will be driven and passionate to ensure all technical needs are met accurately and effectively. With enthusiasm you will build strong rapport with with clients with the aim to be on top of all tasks and demands. You will be involved with product training as new features are released as well as introducing new ideas and the best soutions within the market. You will have experience working in other key European markets and therefore multiple languages is preferred (Italian /Spanish or French) would be advantageous as there may be potential to work in new offices in Europe. You will be knowledgeable about the industry and the market enabling you to be aware of competitors and new trends, with XML, HTML/Javascript,Actionscript and experience troubleshooting client technical issues. If you have the drive and vision to be part of this exciting organisation then apply now. Key Responsibilities of the Technical Account Manager include: . You will be the main point of contact for client technical support and provide solutions . Develop a deep understanding of each clients strategic objectives . Deliver pre sales technical consultation along with the commercial team . Handle on going client roadmap driving prioritsation, analysis and resolution of complex technical issues . Manage customer training as neccessary . Proactive with product development, board meetings,and representing client needs . Get clients live in conjunction with Client Relation team Qualities we're looking for in the Technical Account Manager include: . Previous significant experience within B2B, media internet advertsing and monetisation with understanding of online video . Proven background building deep relationships with complex clients in an account management or consutative sales company . Simpler experience in client facing ad technology/adoperation roles . Multiple languages preferred (Italian/Spanish  essential, French optional) . Experience working in other key European markets preferred . Strong knowledge in XML, HTML/Javascript,Actionscript and experience troubleshooting client technical issues . UK Ad Operations and online publishers contacts . Excellent communication and presentation skills . A confident telephone and facetoface manner You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this position This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/TechnicalAccountManager_job****" "['technical', 'account', 'comm', 'media', 'monetisation', 'platform', 'recruit', 'technical', 'account', 'vibrant', 'london', 'online', 'content', 'platform', 'publishers', 'ad', 'networks', 'pure', 'online', 'players', 'benefit', 'solutions', 'technical', 'account', 'commercial', 'director', 'process', 'technically', 'aware', 'handling', 'requirements', 'opening', 'demo', 'accounts', 'prototypes', 'ensuring', 'major', 'technical', 'aspects', 'partnership', 'driven', 'passionate', 'technical', 'met', 'accurately', 'effectively', 'enthusiasm', 'build', 'rapport', 'aim', 'top', 'tasks', 'demands', 'involved', 'product', 'features', 'released', 'introducing', 'ideas', 'market', 'key', 'european', 'markets', 'multiple', 'languages', 'preferred', 'italian', 'spanish', 'french', 'advantageous', 'potential', 'offices', 'europe', 'knowledgeable', 'industry', 'market', 'enabling', 'aware', 'competitors', 'trends', 'xml', 'html', 'javascript', 'actionscript', 'troubleshooting', 'technical', 'issues', 'drive', 'vision', 'part', 'exciting', 'organisation', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'technical', 'account', 'include', 'main', 'point', 'contact', 'technical', 'solutions', 'develop', 'deep', 'understanding', 'strategic', 'objectives', 'deliver', 'pre', 'technical', 'consultation', 'commercial', 'handle', 'roadmap', 'driving', 'analysis', 'resolution', 'complex', 'technical', 'issues', 'manage', 'proactive', 'product', 'board', 'meetings', 'representing', 'live', 'conjunction', 'relation', 'qualities', 'technical', 'account', 'include', 'previous', 'significant', 'media', 'internet', 'advertsing', 'monetisation', 'understanding', 'online', 'video', 'proven', 'background', 'building', 'deep', 'relationships', 'complex', 'account', 'facing', 'ad', 'technology', 'roles', 'multiple', 'languages', 'preferred', 'italian', 'spanish', 'essential', 'french', 'optional', 'key', 'european', 'markets', 'preferred', 'xml', 'html', 'javascript', 'actionscript', 'troubleshooting', 'technical', 'issues', 'ad', 'operations', 'online', 'publishers', 'contacts', 'communication', 'presentation', 'confident', 'telephone', 'facetoface', 'manner', 'eligible', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'salestarget', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Claims Negotiator
Webindex: 62016897
Company: EMPLOYMENT SPECIALISTS LTD
Description: A major Industry name with a record of consistent growth is looking to recruit another Claims Handler to join their professional and friendly team. You would be providing an effective Claims service for the management of legal expenses insurance claims. These Claims will include personal injury, both motor and non motor, landlord and tenant disputes, employment and property. The main responsibilities include: Reviewing new claims to establish if those claims to satisfy policy conditions Explaining and sending a letter of declinature when claims not covered Preparing and issuing appropriate new claims letters and statements to the client and/or solicitors Reviewing responses from solicitors and negotiating terms Agreeing appointment of solicitors and preparing an initial estimate of costs Closely monitoring and recording the costs Obtaining advice from external specialists on complex cases Passing file to costs auditors where appropriate prior to settling bills Ensuring that on settlement, files are closed off and removed from the diary log The successful candidate will: Be an experienced Claims Handler, with a professional approach to negotiation Have motor insurance knowledge Be able to communicate clearly and well with all parties Have a good standard of education and letter writing You should have your own transport due to the limitations of public transport." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00287.txt " Claims Negotiator" " 62016897" " EMPLOYMENT SPECIALISTS LTD" " A major Industry name with a record of consistent growth is looking to recruit another Claims Handler to join their professional and friendly team. You would be providing an effective Claims service for the management of legal expenses insurance claims. These Claims will include personal injury, both motor and non motor, landlord and tenant disputes, employment and property. The main responsibilities include: Reviewing new claims to establish if those claims to satisfy policy conditions Explaining and sending a letter of declinature when claims not covered Preparing and issuing appropriate new claims letters and statements to the client and/or solicitors Reviewing responses from solicitors and negotiating terms Agreeing appointment of solicitors and preparing an initial estimate of costs Closely monitoring and recording the costs Obtaining advice from external specialists on complex cases Passing file to costs auditors where appropriate prior to settling bills Ensuring that on settlement, files are closed off and removed from the diary log The successful candidate will: Be an experienced Claims Handler, with a professional approach to negotiation Have motor insurance knowledge Be able to communicate clearly and well with all parties Have a good standard of education and letter writing You should have your own transport due to the limitations of public transport." "['major', 'industry', 'record', 'consistent', 'growth', 'recruit', 'claims', 'handler', 'professional', 'friendly', 'providing', 'effective', 'claims', 'legal', 'expenses', 'insurance', 'claims', 'claims', 'include', 'personal', 'injury', 'motor', 'motor', 'disputes', 'employment', 'property', 'main', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'reviewing', 'claims', 'establish', 'claims', 'satisfy', 'policy', 'conditions', 'explaining', 'sending', 'letter', 'claims', 'covered', 'preparing', 'issuing', 'claims', 'letters', 'statements', 'solicitors', 'reviewing', 'responses', 'solicitors', 'negotiating', 'terms', 'appointment', 'solicitors', 'preparing', 'initial', 'estimate', 'costs', 'closely', 'monitoring', 'recording', 'costs', 'obtaining', 'advice', 'external', 'specialists', 'complex', 'cases', 'file', 'costs', 'auditors', 'prior', 'settling', 'bills', 'ensuring', 'settlement', 'files', 'closed', 'removed', 'diary', 'log', 'experienced', 'claims', 'handler', 'professional', 'approach', 'negotiation', 'motor', 'insurance', 'communicate', 'parties', 'standard', 'education', 'letter', 'writing', 'transport', 'due', 'limitations', 'public', 'transport']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Accounts Senior – Top 20 firm
Webindex: 68177629
Company: BV Recruitment Ltd
Description: Are you an Accounts Senior who is looking to join a good quality Top 20 firm in Central London and work in a busy and high profile business services department? Would you like to work in a role mixed evenly between statutory and management accounts, as well as involvement in tax and VAT work, ad hoc projects and staff supervision? Would you also like a role with fast promotion prospects to supervisor grade? If so the rapidly growing business services department of this Top 20 practice is looking to recruit a good quality accounts senior due to growth and winning new clients. Your client base will be varied and include large listed and international businesses and some smaller SME clients based around London and the South East. To be considered for this new role (January 2013) you must be a qualified ACCA or ACA and have experience of the above duties and have experience working to high standards and meeting tight deadlines. You will be working for a good quality accountancy practice in an accounts based role (with experience of both statutory and management accounts) and now be looking to upgrade to a larger firm where you can gain exposure to better quality, more complex clients as well as top rate training and support for your future career. It is also vital that you have sageline **** experience and knowledge of SAPA would also be an advantage. This well established Top 20 practice will be able to offer you great accounts based experience as well as working in a friendly and supportive office environment, and having great prospects for promotion in the future. Overall this is an excellent opportunity for an account senior to join a well known and good quality firm in a busy business services department with first rate support and training to assist with your career development." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00307.txt " Accounts Senior – Top 20 firm" " 68177629" " BV Recruitment Ltd" " Are you an Accounts Senior who is looking to join a good quality Top 20 firm in Central London and work in a busy and high profile business services department? Would you like to work in a role mixed evenly between statutory and management accounts, as well as involvement in tax and VAT work, ad hoc projects and staff supervision? Would you also like a role with fast promotion prospects to supervisor grade? If so the rapidly growing business services department of this Top 20 practice is looking to recruit a good quality accounts senior due to growth and winning new clients. Your client base will be varied and include large listed and international businesses and some smaller SME clients based around London and the South East. To be considered for this new role (January 2013) you must be a qualified ACCA or ACA and have experience of the above duties and have experience working to high standards and meeting tight deadlines. You will be working for a good quality accountancy practice in an accounts based role (with experience of both statutory and management accounts) and now be looking to upgrade to a larger firm where you can gain exposure to better quality, more complex clients as well as top rate training and support for your future career. It is also vital that you have sageline **** experience and knowledge of SAPA would also be an advantage. This well established Top 20 practice will be able to offer you great accounts based experience as well as working in a friendly and supportive office environment, and having great prospects for promotion in the future. Overall this is an excellent opportunity for an account senior to join a well known and good quality firm in a busy business services department with first rate support and training to assist with your career development." "['accounts', 'senior', 'quality', 'top', 'firm', 'central', 'london', 'busy', 'profile', 'department', 'mixed', 'statutory', 'accounts', 'involvement', 'tax', 'vat', 'ad', 'hoc', 'projects', 'supervision', 'fast', 'promotion', 'prospects', 'supervisor', 'grade', 'rapidly', 'growing', 'department', 'top', 'practice', 'recruit', 'quality', 'accounts', 'senior', 'due', 'growth', 'winning', 'base', 'varied', 'include', 'large', 'listed', 'international', 'businesses', 'smaller', 'sme', 'london', 'south', 'east', 'considered', 'january', 'qualified', 'acca', 'aca', 'duties', 'standards', 'meeting', 'tight', 'deadlines', 'quality', 'accountancy', 'practice', 'accounts', 'statutory', 'accounts', 'upgrade', 'larger', 'firm', 'gain', 'exposure', 'quality', 'complex', 'top', 'rate', 'future', 'career', 'vital', 'sageline', 'advantage', 'established', 'top', 'practice', 'offer', 'great', 'accounts', 'friendly', 'supportive', 'office', 'environment', 'great', 'prospects', 'promotion', 'future', 'account', 'senior', 'quality', 'firm', 'busy', 'department', 'rate', 'assist', 'career']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Mobile Device Support Personnel  City of London
Webindex: 71196021
Company: Randstad
Description: Our NHS Trust in Central London is currently recruiting for a Mobile Device Support Personnel to join their busy IT team. This is an ongoing contract position to start asap REQUIREMENTS: The ability to troubleshoot and resolve all technical issues with business mobile devices with emphasis on IPAD**** The ability to work in a service desk environment and take ownership of **** level calls from logging to resolution Have understanding of IPAD**** and IOS and understanding of configuration and profiles Will understand basic principles of BYOD and Mobile Devices in Enterprise Have experience of MDM solutions such as AirWatch, Mobile Iron or Good Technology and/or be willing to be trained Be the go to person for all Ipad related calls on Support Desk Any Ipad related qualifications would be a benefit Have experience of working in IPAD / Windows environments Any experience of Citrix applications on IPAD would be a bonus [support] To apply, please submit your CV This vacancy is being handled by Randstad Business Support. Randstad Business Support is the specialist business line for operational and business support recruitment within Randstad, the world s second largest recruitment company. Randstad acts as an employment business and employment agency and is registered in England and Wales as Randstad Employment Bureau Ltd, registered no **** Registered office address First Floor, Randstad Court, Laporte Way, Luton, Beds, LU**** ****SB. Skills IPAD**** service desk technical support mobile device" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00073.txt " Mobile Device Support Personnel  City of London" " 71196021" " Randstad" " Our NHS Trust in Central London is currently recruiting for a Mobile Device Support Personnel to join their busy IT team. This is an ongoing contract position to start asap REQUIREMENTS: The ability to troubleshoot and resolve all technical issues with business mobile devices with emphasis on IPAD**** The ability to work in a service desk environment and take ownership of **** level calls from logging to resolution Have understanding of IPAD**** and IOS and understanding of configuration and profiles Will understand basic principles of BYOD and Mobile Devices in Enterprise Have experience of MDM solutions such as AirWatch, Mobile Iron or Good Technology and/or be willing to be trained Be the go to person for all Ipad related calls on Support Desk Any Ipad related qualifications would be a benefit Have experience of working in IPAD / Windows environments Any experience of Citrix applications on IPAD would be a bonus [support] To apply, please submit your CV This vacancy is being handled by Randstad Business Support. Randstad Business Support is the specialist business line for operational and business support recruitment within Randstad, the world s second largest recruitment company. Randstad acts as an employment business and employment agency and is registered in England and Wales as Randstad Employment Bureau Ltd, registered no **** Registered office address First Floor, Randstad Court, Laporte Way, Luton, Beds, LU**** ****SB. Skills IPAD**** service desk technical support mobile device" "['nhs', 'trust', 'central', 'london', 'recruiting', 'mobile', 'device', 'personnel', 'busy', 'ongoing', 'contract', 'start', 'asap', 'requirements', 'troubleshoot', 'resolve', 'technical', 'issues', 'mobile', 'devices', 'emphasis', 'ipad', 'desk', 'environment', 'ownership', 'level', 'calls', 'logging', 'resolution', 'understanding', 'ipad', 'ios', 'understanding', 'configuration', 'profiles', 'understand', 'basic', 'principles', 'mobile', 'devices', 'enterprise', 'solutions', 'mobile', 'iron', 'technology', 'trained', 'person', 'ipad', 'related', 'calls', 'desk', 'ipad', 'related', 'qualifications', 'benefit', 'ipad', 'windows', 'environments', 'applications', 'ipad', 'bonus', 'submit', 'cv', 'vacancy', 'handled', 'randstad', 'randstad', 'specialist', 'line', 'operational', 'randstad', 'world', 'largest', 'randstad', 'acts', 'employment', 'employment', 'agency', 'registered', 'england', 'wales', 'randstad', 'employment', 'bureau', 'registered', 'registered', 'office', 'address', 'floor', 'randstad', 'court', 'laporte', 'luton', 'beds', 'lu', 'sb', 'ipad', 'desk', 'technical', 'mobile', 'device']" Engineering
"Title: Part time Management Accountant
Webindex: 70757636
Company: FS2 UK Ltd
Description: You will be responsible for the efficient running of the accounting function of the business by implementing procedures and controls to ensure the accuracy of the Management Information presented to the directors to establish and maintain financial policies and management information systems and to liaise with management colleagues on all aspects of finance to provide a high quality support service to the directors and officers of the company. Duties to include: Leading a team of staff responsible for the production of management accounts Creating, implementing and monitoring processes and procedures for the creation of monthly forecasts; Preparing detailed weekly, monthly and quarterly cash flow forecasts; Preparing detailed annual, quarterly and monthly profit forecasts; Preparing detailed monthly financial statements, to include profit and loss accounts, balance sheet, variance analysis and commentaries, within **** working days of month end; Managing income and expenditure, sales, payroll and stocks; Offering professional judgement on financial matters and advising on ways of improving business performance; Carrying out any necessary research, analysing it and concluding on the information; Liaising with other managers to put the finance view in context; Safeguarding tangible and intangible assets; Any other duties of a financial matter that occur from time to time; Preparation of yearend file for Independent Accountants to produce yearly financial statements for HM Revenue & Customs and Companies House purposes CIMA or ACCA qualified Ideally with background within retail industry" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00233.txt " Part time Management Accountant" " 70757636" " FS2 UK Ltd" " You will be responsible for the efficient running of the accounting function of the business by implementing procedures and controls to ensure the accuracy of the Management Information presented to the directors to establish and maintain financial policies and management information systems and to liaise with management colleagues on all aspects of finance to provide a high quality support service to the directors and officers of the company. Duties to include: Leading a team of staff responsible for the production of management accounts Creating, implementing and monitoring processes and procedures for the creation of monthly forecasts; Preparing detailed weekly, monthly and quarterly cash flow forecasts; Preparing detailed annual, quarterly and monthly profit forecasts; Preparing detailed monthly financial statements, to include profit and loss accounts, balance sheet, variance analysis and commentaries, within **** working days of month end; Managing income and expenditure, sales, payroll and stocks; Offering professional judgement on financial matters and advising on ways of improving business performance; Carrying out any necessary research, analysing it and concluding on the information; Liaising with other managers to put the finance view in context; Safeguarding tangible and intangible assets; Any other duties of a financial matter that occur from time to time; Preparation of yearend file for Independent Accountants to produce yearly financial statements for HM Revenue & Customs and Companies House purposes CIMA or ACCA qualified Ideally with background within retail industry" "['responsible', 'efficient', 'running', 'accounting', 'function', 'implementing', 'procedures', 'controls', 'accuracy', 'information', 'presented', 'directors', 'establish', 'maintain', 'policies', 'information', 'liaise', 'colleagues', 'aspects', 'finance', 'quality', 'directors', 'officers', 'duties', 'include', 'responsible', 'production', 'accounts', 'creating', 'implementing', 'monitoring', 'processes', 'procedures', 'creation', 'monthly', 'forecasts', 'preparing', 'detailed', 'weekly', 'monthly', 'quarterly', 'cash', 'flow', 'forecasts', 'preparing', 'detailed', 'annual', 'quarterly', 'monthly', 'profit', 'forecasts', 'preparing', 'detailed', 'monthly', 'statements', 'include', 'profit', 'loss', 'accounts', 'balance', 'sheet', 'variance', 'analysis', 'days', 'month', 'end', 'managing', 'income', 'expenditure', 'payroll', 'stocks', 'offering', 'professional', 'judgement', 'matters', 'advising', 'ways', 'improving', 'performance', 'carrying', 'research', 'analysing', 'information', 'liaising', 'managers', 'put', 'finance', 'view', 'context', 'safeguarding', 'assets', 'duties', 'matter', 'occur', 'time', 'time', 'preparation', 'yearend', 'file', 'independent', 'accountants', 'produce', 'statements', 'hm', 'revenue', 'companies', 'house', 'purposes', 'cima', 'acca', 'qualified', 'ideally', 'background', 'retail', 'industry']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Care Worker in WATFORD
Webindex: 71793578
Company: Westminster Homecare
Description: Home Care Worker  Watford area (WD**** WD**** WD**** and WD****) Westminster Homecare are looking for a number of Home Care Assistant Jobs seekers in Watford and their surrounding areas. Ideally you will have some previous experience in a similar role, however full training and support is offered to people who have the right attitude towards caring for others and are serious about joining the industry. Westminster Homecare is committed to helping our clients remain independent in their own homes by supporting them with various daily tasks. Home Care Worker duties may include, Personal care, bathing, showering, dressing, medication administration, cleaning, shopping etc. Person specification: self motivated and organised, flexible, caring and sensitive, a good communicator, drivers preferably (but not essential). For those who are interested Westminster Home Care will also support you to undertake the NVQ diploma in Health and Social Care after a qualifying period." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00444.txt " Care Worker in WATFORD" " 71793578" " Westminster Homecare" " Home Care Worker  Watford area (WD**** WD**** WD**** and WD****) Westminster Homecare are looking for a number of Home Care Assistant Jobs seekers in Watford and their surrounding areas. Ideally you will have some previous experience in a similar role, however full training and support is offered to people who have the right attitude towards caring for others and are serious about joining the industry. Westminster Homecare is committed to helping our clients remain independent in their own homes by supporting them with various daily tasks. Home Care Worker duties may include, Personal care, bathing, showering, dressing, medication administration, cleaning, shopping etc. Person specification: self motivated and organised, flexible, caring and sensitive, a good communicator, drivers preferably (but not essential). For those who are interested Westminster Home Care will also support you to undertake the NVQ diploma in Health and Social Care after a qualifying period." "['worker', 'watford', 'area', 'wd', 'wd', 'wd', 'wd', 'westminster', 'homecare', 'number', 'assistant', 'jobs', 'seekers', 'watford', 'surrounding', 'areas', 'ideally', 'previous', 'similar', 'offered', 'people', 'attitude', 'caring', 'joining', 'industry', 'westminster', 'homecare', 'committed', 'helping', 'remain', 'independent', 'homes', 'supporting', 'daily', 'tasks', 'worker', 'duties', 'include', 'personal', 'bathing', 'dressing', 'medication', 'administration', 'cleaning', 'shopping', 'person', 'specification', 'motivated', 'organised', 'flexible', 'caring', 'sensitive', 'communicator', 'drivers', 'preferably', 'essential', 'interested', 'westminster', 'undertake', 'nvq', 'diploma', 'health', 'social', 'qualifying', 'period']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Staff Nurse x**** RGN Heathfield ******** p/h
Webindex: 70763481
Company: SYK Recruitment
Description: SYK Recruitment Specialists are looking for Staff Nurses to join a medium sized care home in Heathfield. You must be RGN qualified. Please note previous experience working in a nursing home is not required and newly qualified nurses will be accepted. We would like to receive applications from ambitious and highly motivated nurses that are looking for an opportunity to work at Staff Nurse level within a care home environment. You must have outstanding communication skills, excellent time management skills and flexibility towards working hours. You must be motivated to offer the highest standards of care. The ideal candidate must be empathetic, considerate and reliable and dedicated to the role of working with elderly service users. My client is offering a competitive salary of **** to **** per hour dependant on experience. This is a full time, permanent role on day and night shifts. Please note that my client will be conducting interviews as soon as possible so if you are interested, please submit your CV. For further details please contact Paul Smith at SYK Recruitment Specialists on (Apply online only) or apply via this advert" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00459.txt " Staff Nurse x**** RGN Heathfield ******** p/h" " 70763481" " SYK Recruitment" " SYK Recruitment Specialists are looking for Staff Nurses to join a medium sized care home in Heathfield. You must be RGN qualified. Please note previous experience working in a nursing home is not required and newly qualified nurses will be accepted. We would like to receive applications from ambitious and highly motivated nurses that are looking for an opportunity to work at Staff Nurse level within a care home environment. You must have outstanding communication skills, excellent time management skills and flexibility towards working hours. You must be motivated to offer the highest standards of care. The ideal candidate must be empathetic, considerate and reliable and dedicated to the role of working with elderly service users. My client is offering a competitive salary of **** to **** per hour dependant on experience. This is a full time, permanent role on day and night shifts. Please note that my client will be conducting interviews as soon as possible so if you are interested, please submit your CV. For further details please contact Paul Smith at SYK Recruitment Specialists on (Apply online only) or apply via this advert" "['syk', 'specialists', 'nurses', 'medium', 'sized', 'rgn', 'qualified', 'note', 'previous', 'nursing', 'newly', 'qualified', 'nurses', 'accepted', 'receive', 'applications', 'ambitious', 'highly', 'motivated', 'nurses', 'nurse', 'level', 'environment', 'outstanding', 'communication', 'time', 'flexibility', 'hours', 'motivated', 'offer', 'highest', 'standards', 'ideal', 'reliable', 'dedicated', 'elderly', 'users', 'offering', 'competitive', 'hour', 'dependant', 'time', 'permanent', 'day', 'night', 'shifts', 'note', 'conducting', 'interviews', 'interested', 'submit', 'cv', 'details', 'contact', 'paul', 'smith', 'syk', 'specialists', 'online', 'advert']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Graduate Scheme  Executive Recruitment
Webindex: 68678164
Company: Mackenzie Stuart
Description: Mackenzie Stuart Graduate Scheme  Executive Recruitment Location: Leeds Salary and benefits: ****k  Uncapped Commission THE COMPANY:  We are now inviting applications for our 2013 Graduate Scheme.  Mackenzie Stuart is a national and international executive recruitment consultancy that embodies an ethos and environment that attracts the very best recruitment consultants in the industry.  Privately owned and funded by individuals who understand implicitly the essential factors that attract and retain the talented and ambitious, we provide an environment that rewards contribution on a variety of levels.  Operating from West Yorkshire, we work worldwide with a variety of major clients, recruiting at senior management and board level.  The business is now growing once again and we are keen to attract the best talent to join the business as Trainee Consultants.  To view profiles of our present consultants and find out why they joined the business please visit http://www.mackenziestuart.com/work.html THE ROLE:  Based in the heart of Leeds City Centre we are looking to attract talented graduates to join all Divisions.  Our Graduate Scheme involves a period of intensive training, followed by continual on the job training over your first 12 years in the job.  Demanding and yet incredibly rewarding, the role allows you to earn uncapped commission, thus enabling leading consultants to realistically earn **** plus in year one, and over **** in year two.  We now make 80% of our placements outside of the UK, meaning you will work with some the world's biggest global businesses internationally.  Progression within the business is also quick, and leading performers could realistically rise to management level within twelve months.  Experienced consultants enjoy extra benefits such as quarterly bonuses and car allowances.  Following training, consultants will be tasked with placing senior executives within a chosen vertical market.  This is a fast paced sales role; no two days are the same, and it is the type of challenge that will test the very best recruits.  Working nationally, you will build relationships with key decision makers across the UK and abroad.  The role will require extensive travel. THE REQUIREMENTS:  We require new or recent graduates, or individuals with 12 years business to business sales experience, who must be team players and highly competitive.  You must be driven, tenacious and ambitious, eager to get on the fast track to a rewarding and successful career.  In particular we would like to receive applications from individuals who have done something outstanding or different during their life to date, be it sporting, academic or business related.  We are a business that rewards success, and if you see yourself thriving in a fun yet challenging environment and feel you have the skills to develop a career in the recruitment industry, please get in touch. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GraduateSchemeExecutiveRecruitment_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00707.txt " Graduate Scheme  Executive Recruitment" " 68678164" " Mackenzie Stuart" " Mackenzie Stuart Graduate Scheme  Executive Recruitment Location: Leeds Salary and benefits: ****k  Uncapped Commission THE COMPANY:  We are now inviting applications for our 2013 Graduate Scheme.  Mackenzie Stuart is a national and international executive recruitment consultancy that embodies an ethos and environment that attracts the very best recruitment consultants in the industry.  Privately owned and funded by individuals who understand implicitly the essential factors that attract and retain the talented and ambitious, we provide an environment that rewards contribution on a variety of levels.  Operating from West Yorkshire, we work worldwide with a variety of major clients, recruiting at senior management and board level.  The business is now growing once again and we are keen to attract the best talent to join the business as Trainee Consultants.  To view profiles of our present consultants and find out why they joined the business please visit http://www.mackenziestuart.com/work.html THE ROLE:  Based in the heart of Leeds City Centre we are looking to attract talented graduates to join all Divisions.  Our Graduate Scheme involves a period of intensive training, followed by continual on the job training over your first 12 years in the job.  Demanding and yet incredibly rewarding, the role allows you to earn uncapped commission, thus enabling leading consultants to realistically earn **** plus in year one, and over **** in year two.  We now make 80% of our placements outside of the UK, meaning you will work with some the world's biggest global businesses internationally.  Progression within the business is also quick, and leading performers could realistically rise to management level within twelve months.  Experienced consultants enjoy extra benefits such as quarterly bonuses and car allowances.  Following training, consultants will be tasked with placing senior executives within a chosen vertical market.  This is a fast paced sales role; no two days are the same, and it is the type of challenge that will test the very best recruits.  Working nationally, you will build relationships with key decision makers across the UK and abroad.  The role will require extensive travel. THE REQUIREMENTS:  We require new or recent graduates, or individuals with 12 years business to business sales experience, who must be team players and highly competitive.  You must be driven, tenacious and ambitious, eager to get on the fast track to a rewarding and successful career.  In particular we would like to receive applications from individuals who have done something outstanding or different during their life to date, be it sporting, academic or business related.  We are a business that rewards success, and if you see yourself thriving in a fun yet challenging environment and feel you have the skills to develop a career in the recruitment industry, please get in touch. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GraduateSchemeExecutiveRecruitment_job****" "['mackenzie', 'stuart', 'graduate', 'scheme', 'executive', 'location', 'leeds', 'benefits', 'uncapped', 'commission', 'applications', 'graduate', 'scheme', 'mackenzie', 'stuart', 'national', 'international', 'executive', 'consultancy', 'ethos', 'environment', 'attracts', 'consultants', 'industry', 'privately', 'owned', 'funded', 'individuals', 'understand', 'essential', 'factors', 'attract', 'retain', 'talented', 'ambitious', 'environment', 'rewards', 'contribution', 'variety', 'levels', 'operating', 'west', 'yorkshire', 'worldwide', 'variety', 'major', 'recruiting', 'senior', 'board', 'level', 'growing', 'keen', 'attract', 'talent', 'trainee', 'consultants', 'view', 'profiles', 'present', 'consultants', 'find', 'joined', 'visit', 'http', 'www', 'html', 'heart', 'leeds', 'city', 'centre', 'attract', 'talented', 'graduates', 'divisions', 'graduate', 'scheme', 'involves', 'period', 'intensive', 'continual', 'years', 'demanding', 'incredibly', 'rewarding', 'earn', 'uncapped', 'commission', 'enabling', 'consultants', 'realistically', 'earn', 'year', 'year', 'make', 'placements', 'meaning', ""world's"", 'biggest', 'global', 'businesses', 'internationally', 'progression', 'quick', 'performers', 'realistically', 'rise', 'level', 'twelve', 'months', 'experienced', 'consultants', 'enjoy', 'extra', 'benefits', 'quarterly', 'bonuses', 'car', 'allowances', 'consultants', 'tasked', 'placing', 'senior', 'executives', 'chosen', 'vertical', 'market', 'fast', 'paced', 'days', 'type', 'challenge', 'test', 'recruits', 'nationally', 'build', 'relationships', 'key', 'decision', 'makers', 'abroad', 'require', 'extensive', 'travel', 'requirements', 'require', 'recent', 'graduates', 'individuals', 'years', 'players', 'highly', 'competitive', 'driven', 'tenacious', 'ambitious', 'fast', 'track', 'rewarding', 'career', 'receive', 'applications', 'individuals', 'outstanding', 'life', 'date', 'academic', 'related', 'rewards', 'success', 'thriving', 'fun', 'challenging', 'environment', 'feel', 'develop', 'career', 'industry', 'touch', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Play area Attendent
Webindex: 70599432
Company: Riverside Farm 
Description: Supervising children in the soft play area. Serving soft drinks, food and snacks. Keeping area clean tidy. Successful applicants are required to provide a standard disclosure. Disclosure expense will be met by applicant. **** hours over 5 days between 8.45am and 9pm. To apply please email CV to ****greeneking.co.uk or telephone ****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00671.txt " Play area Attendent" " 70599432" " Riverside Farm " " Supervising children in the soft play area. Serving soft drinks, food and snacks. Keeping area clean tidy. Successful applicants are required to provide a standard disclosure. Disclosure expense will be met by applicant. **** hours over 5 days between 8.45am and 9pm. To apply please email CV to ****greeneking.co.uk or telephone ****" "['supervising', 'children', 'soft', 'play', 'area', 'serving', 'soft', 'drinks', 'food', 'snacks', 'keeping', 'area', 'clean', 'tidy', 'applicants', 'standard', 'disclosure', 'disclosure', 'expense', 'met', 'applicant', 'hours', 'days', 'pm', 'email', 'cv', 'telephone']" Sales
"Title: Business Development Managers / Client Relationship Managers
Webindex: 66887344
Company: Networx Recruitment
Description: We are currently looking for motivated, sales driven Business Development Managers / Client Relationship Managers to join our award winning company. You will be based in Leeds / East Midlands for a basic salary of ****  **** depending upon skills plus extensive benefits package. Benefits include: uncapped commission and bonus (established BDM s earn six figure salaries), monthly mobile phone allowance, business mileage, laptop, benefits package including pension and health care scheme. networx are a provider of end to end recruitment solutions, who possess a reputation for the delivery of innovative products and pioneering services to the HR arena. For the 2nd year running we have been awarded with Best Companies **** star accreditation, officially recognising networx as one of the top companies to work for and celebrating over 10 years as market leaders within the industry. We have been instrumental in changing the way companies recruit, by delivering bespoke recruitment solutions to meet the demands and challenges of our clients. Due to ambitious growth plans, 2013 brings the launch of some exciting additional products and services to cement our existing client relationships and gain competitive advantage when developing new business. We have one the widest product portfolios available, and deliver exceptional services across the entire recruitment process, from candidate attraction and talent management through to social media strategies and applicant tracking systems. This is an exciting time for the business, and the Business Development Manager / Client Relationship Manager role provides you with a fantastic opportunity to combine your New Business Development and Account Management skills. It requires a highly consultative, solutionsales approach with the ability to deliver complex solutions to HR decision makers in a highly professional manner. Targeting companies across your designated geographical area, you must be a selfstarter with the ability to seek out new business opportunities using the latest business development methods and have the experience and desire to make your own client appointments. The successful candidate should ideally be located in the Leeds area as the role requires you to spend a minimum of 2 days in the office, fully supported by the Regional Sales Manager to ensure your immediate success. The remainder of your time will be spent visiting your target clients in your designated territory, so you must be willing to travel. Consideration will be given to candidates living in the East Midlands area who are willing to travel to the Leeds office Monday s and Friday s on a weekly basis. You must have the motivation and discipline required to work on your own initiative, however, team interaction is highly important to us, so you will always have the support of your team and managers to ensure your success. We offer a comprehensive training course with a continual training and development plan. In addition to a competitive basic salary and benefits package, we reward success with an uncapped commission structure designed to maximise your earning potential and progression opportunities for successful individuals" 3 data/Sales\Job_00668.txt " Business Development Managers / Client Relationship Managers" " 66887344" " Networx Recruitment" " We are currently looking for motivated, sales driven Business Development Managers / Client Relationship Managers to join our award winning company. You will be based in Leeds / East Midlands for a basic salary of ****  **** depending upon skills plus extensive benefits package. Benefits include: uncapped commission and bonus (established BDM s earn six figure salaries), monthly mobile phone allowance, business mileage, laptop, benefits package including pension and health care scheme. networx are a provider of end to end recruitment solutions, who possess a reputation for the delivery of innovative products and pioneering services to the HR arena. For the 2nd year running we have been awarded with Best Companies **** star accreditation, officially recognising networx as one of the top companies to work for and celebrating over 10 years as market leaders within the industry. We have been instrumental in changing the way companies recruit, by delivering bespoke recruitment solutions to meet the demands and challenges of our clients. Due to ambitious growth plans, 2013 brings the launch of some exciting additional products and services to cement our existing client relationships and gain competitive advantage when developing new business. We have one the widest product portfolios available, and deliver exceptional services across the entire recruitment process, from candidate attraction and talent management through to social media strategies and applicant tracking systems. This is an exciting time for the business, and the Business Development Manager / Client Relationship Manager role provides you with a fantastic opportunity to combine your New Business Development and Account Management skills. It requires a highly consultative, solutionsales approach with the ability to deliver complex solutions to HR decision makers in a highly professional manner. Targeting companies across your designated geographical area, you must be a selfstarter with the ability to seek out new business opportunities using the latest business development methods and have the experience and desire to make your own client appointments. The successful candidate should ideally be located in the Leeds area as the role requires you to spend a minimum of 2 days in the office, fully supported by the Regional Sales Manager to ensure your immediate success. The remainder of your time will be spent visiting your target clients in your designated territory, so you must be willing to travel. Consideration will be given to candidates living in the East Midlands area who are willing to travel to the Leeds office Monday s and Friday s on a weekly basis. You must have the motivation and discipline required to work on your own initiative, however, team interaction is highly important to us, so you will always have the support of your team and managers to ensure your success. We offer a comprehensive training course with a continual training and development plan. In addition to a competitive basic salary and benefits package, we reward success with an uncapped commission structure designed to maximise your earning potential and progression opportunities for successful individuals" "['motivated', 'driven', 'managers', 'relationship', 'managers', 'award', 'winning', 'leeds', 'east', 'midlands', 'basic', 'depending', 'extensive', 'benefits', 'package', 'benefits', 'include', 'uncapped', 'commission', 'bonus', 'established', 'bdm', 'earn', 'figure', 'salaries', 'monthly', 'mobile', 'phone', 'allowance', 'mileage', 'laptop', 'benefits', 'package', 'pension', 'health', 'scheme', 'networx', 'provider', 'end', 'end', 'solutions', 'possess', 'reputation', 'delivery', 'innovative', 'products', 'pioneering', 'hr', 'arena', 'year', 'running', 'awarded', 'companies', 'star', 'accreditation', 'recognising', 'networx', 'top', 'companies', 'celebrating', 'years', 'market', 'leaders', 'industry', 'instrumental', 'changing', 'companies', 'recruit', 'delivering', 'bespoke', 'solutions', 'meet', 'demands', 'challenges', 'due', 'ambitious', 'growth', 'plans', 'brings', 'launch', 'exciting', 'additional', 'products', 'existing', 'relationships', 'gain', 'competitive', 'advantage', 'developing', 'product', 'portfolios', 'deliver', 'exceptional', 'entire', 'process', 'talent', 'social', 'media', 'strategies', 'applicant', 'tracking', 'exciting', 'time', 'relationship', 'fantastic', 'combine', 'account', 'requires', 'highly', 'consultative', 'approach', 'deliver', 'complex', 'solutions', 'hr', 'decision', 'makers', 'highly', 'professional', 'manner', 'targeting', 'companies', 'designated', 'geographical', 'area', 'selfstarter', 'seek', 'opportunities', 'latest', 'methods', 'desire', 'make', 'appointments', 'ideally', 'located', 'leeds', 'area', 'requires', 'spend', 'minimum', 'days', 'office', 'fully', 'supported', 'regional', 'success', 'time', 'spent', 'visiting', 'target', 'designated', 'territory', 'travel', 'consideration', 'candidates', 'living', 'east', 'midlands', 'area', 'travel', 'leeds', 'office', 'monday', 'friday', 'weekly', 'basis', 'motivation', 'discipline', 'initiative', 'interaction', 'highly', 'important', 'managers', 'success', 'offer', 'comprehensive', 'continual', 'plan', 'addition', 'competitive', 'basic', 'benefits', 'package', 'reward', 'success', 'uncapped', 'commission', 'structure', 'designed', 'maximise', 'earning', 'potential', 'progression', 'opportunities', 'individuals']" Sales
"Title: Audit Executive
Webindex: 68714905
Company: Michael Page Finance
Description: As an Executive, you`ll lead jobs with teams of c **** staff. The firm`s core audit business is locally based, with a wide variety of client sectors. Core clients are **** to ****m, with plenty ****0 to ****m, with a number of groups a number of listed clients. Clients are predominantly,locally based. Sectors include, technology, distribution, professional services, property not for profit. Many of the clients have an international element, UK based companies with foreign subsidiaries, rather than UK subsidiaries of foreign companies. The firm are flexible as to the background of the candidates, ACA, ACCA or ICAS, however it is essential that the individual is of a progressive nature. Candidates must have experience of audits, you can have gained this experience from a General Practice or pure audit background. The Thames Valley office is one of the largest audit departments within the firm, with c **** staff 12 Managers, the overwhelming majority of whom have progressed to Manager within the firm, a pattern the firm wishes to continue, offering superb scope for progression. Training development at the firm are absolutely 1st class. Size of department means that Senior Managers, get to know everyone as an individual, not a `number`, as sometimes in Big 4. Personal development plans are established for all staff, with plans of action developed  key stages. The firm, suffered no shrinkage during the recession, due in the main to very healthy clients very attentive service that negated any pressure on fee levels. Benefits: competitive salary, minimum 22 days holiday, rising to **** can buy up to **** extra days. Benefits include: TOIL private healthcare, life assurance, income protection. Flexible benefits scheme includes pension, shopping gateway (discounts in highstreet stores). Car parking for all staff. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive application Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AuditExecutive_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00311.txt " Audit Executive" " 68714905" " Michael Page Finance" " As an Executive, you`ll lead jobs with teams of c **** staff. The firm`s core audit business is locally based, with a wide variety of client sectors. Core clients are **** to ****m, with plenty ****0 to ****m, with a number of groups a number of listed clients. Clients are predominantly,locally based. Sectors include, technology, distribution, professional services, property not for profit. Many of the clients have an international element, UK based companies with foreign subsidiaries, rather than UK subsidiaries of foreign companies. The firm are flexible as to the background of the candidates, ACA, ACCA or ICAS, however it is essential that the individual is of a progressive nature. Candidates must have experience of audits, you can have gained this experience from a General Practice or pure audit background. The Thames Valley office is one of the largest audit departments within the firm, with c **** staff 12 Managers, the overwhelming majority of whom have progressed to Manager within the firm, a pattern the firm wishes to continue, offering superb scope for progression. Training development at the firm are absolutely 1st class. Size of department means that Senior Managers, get to know everyone as an individual, not a `number`, as sometimes in Big 4. Personal development plans are established for all staff, with plans of action developed  key stages. The firm, suffered no shrinkage during the recession, due in the main to very healthy clients very attentive service that negated any pressure on fee levels. Benefits: competitive salary, minimum 22 days holiday, rising to **** can buy up to **** extra days. Benefits include: TOIL private healthcare, life assurance, income protection. Flexible benefits scheme includes pension, shopping gateway (discounts in highstreet stores). Car parking for all staff. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive application Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AuditExecutive_job****" "['executive', 'll', 'lead', 'jobs', 'teams', 'firm', 'core', 'audit', 'locally', 'wide', 'variety', 'sectors', 'core', 'plenty', 'number', 'groups', 'number', 'listed', 'predominantly', 'locally', 'sectors', 'include', 'technology', 'distribution', 'professional', 'property', 'profit', 'international', 'element', 'companies', 'foreign', 'subsidiaries', 'subsidiaries', 'foreign', 'companies', 'firm', 'flexible', 'background', 'candidates', 'aca', 'acca', 'essential', 'individual', 'progressive', 'nature', 'candidates', 'audits', 'gained', 'general', 'practice', 'pure', 'audit', 'background', 'thames', 'valley', 'office', 'largest', 'audit', 'departments', 'firm', 'managers', 'overwhelming', 'majority', 'progressed', 'firm', 'pattern', 'firm', 'wishes', 'continue', 'offering', 'superb', 'scope', 'progression', 'firm', 'st', 'class', 'size', 'department', 'means', 'senior', 'managers', 'individual', 'number', 'big', 'personal', 'plans', 'established', 'plans', 'action', 'developed', 'key', 'stages', 'firm', 'recession', 'due', 'main', 'healthy', 'pressure', 'fee', 'levels', 'benefits', 'competitive', 'minimum', 'days', 'holiday', 'rising', 'buy', 'extra', 'days', 'benefits', 'include', 'private', 'healthcare', 'life', 'assurance', 'income', 'protection', 'flexible', 'benefits', 'scheme', 'includes', 'pension', 'shopping', 'discounts', 'stores', 'car', 'parking', 'application', 'reviewed', 'michael', 'page', 'aware', 'receive', 'volume', 'applications', 'advertised', 'regularly', 'receive', 'application', 'specific', 'qualifications', 'account', 'overseas', 'equivalents', 'michael', 'page', 'world', 'consultancy', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: GRADUATE SALES ENGINEER
Webindex: 68257980
Company: BMS Sales Specialists LLP
Description: GRADUATE SALES ENGINEER Sector: Engineering Components Location: South East Salary : **** Basic salary plus bonus **** plus Audi A**** Established over ****0 years ago Multi million pound organisation Part of a global brand Market leaders in process equipment Full sales and product training The Role: After full product and sales training, as a graduate sales executive you will inherit an existing account base of engineers and engineering managers to develop and maintain. Building relationships is crucial to succeed at this role so you will need to have excellent communication skills. You will be out on the road, visiting clients face to face on a daily basis. As a sales professional you will advise on bespoke process instrumentation solutions and products along a wide variety of markets. You will also be expected to expand your account base and therefore prospect for new clients that you can build relationships with and ensure repeat business. The Company: The market leaders in process instrumentation for the engineering market is seeking an engineering focussed graduate to join their sales team and advise on their bespoke instrumentation. As a Graduate Sales Executive responsibilities will include: Developing an existing account base Prospecting for new clients Advising on bespoke products and equipment Face to face client visits For this Graduate Sales Executive position, we are looking for individuals who meet the following criteria: Educated to degree level  preferably with an engineering focus Excellent relationship building skills Full UK driving license Excellent communication skills Eligible to live and work in the UK The Package for this Graduate Sales role: **** Basic salary plus bonus **** Audi A3 or BMW Mobile Laptop Healthcare 21 days holiday Other company benefits About BMS Graduate Recruitment LLP: We focus on helping future sales professionals to find graduate jobs and specifically graduates sales jobs. We specialise in graduate assessment, placement and sales training . Established in 1990, we've developed a strong brand, synonymous with graduate sales recruitment and sales training. We work with a prestigious client base of global companies and provide them with a range of services to ensure they attract, retain and develop the best graduate talent in the UK. Please visit our website at www.bmsgraduates.com or call Sharon Wright (Graduate Manager) on **** **** to discuss your job search. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/GRADUATESALESENGINEER_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00763.txt " GRADUATE SALES ENGINEER" " 68257980" " BMS Sales Specialists LLP" " GRADUATE SALES ENGINEER Sector: Engineering Components Location: South East Salary : **** Basic salary plus bonus **** plus Audi A**** Established over ****0 years ago Multi million pound organisation Part of a global brand Market leaders in process equipment Full sales and product training The Role: After full product and sales training, as a graduate sales executive you will inherit an existing account base of engineers and engineering managers to develop and maintain. Building relationships is crucial to succeed at this role so you will need to have excellent communication skills. You will be out on the road, visiting clients face to face on a daily basis. As a sales professional you will advise on bespoke process instrumentation solutions and products along a wide variety of markets. You will also be expected to expand your account base and therefore prospect for new clients that you can build relationships with and ensure repeat business. The Company: The market leaders in process instrumentation for the engineering market is seeking an engineering focussed graduate to join their sales team and advise on their bespoke instrumentation. As a Graduate Sales Executive responsibilities will include: Developing an existing account base Prospecting for new clients Advising on bespoke products and equipment Face to face client visits For this Graduate Sales Executive position, we are looking for individuals who meet the following criteria: Educated to degree level  preferably with an engineering focus Excellent relationship building skills Full UK driving license Excellent communication skills Eligible to live and work in the UK The Package for this Graduate Sales role: **** Basic salary plus bonus **** Audi A3 or BMW Mobile Laptop Healthcare 21 days holiday Other company benefits About BMS Graduate Recruitment LLP: We focus on helping future sales professionals to find graduate jobs and specifically graduates sales jobs. We specialise in graduate assessment, placement and sales training . Established in 1990, we've developed a strong brand, synonymous with graduate sales recruitment and sales training. We work with a prestigious client base of global companies and provide them with a range of services to ensure they attract, retain and develop the best graduate talent in the UK. Please visit our website at www.bmsgraduates.com or call Sharon Wright (Graduate Manager) on **** **** to discuss your job search. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/GRADUATESALESENGINEER_job****" "['graduate', 'sector', 'components', 'location', 'south', 'east', 'basic', 'bonus', 'audi', 'established', 'years', 'ago', 'multi', 'million', 'pound', 'organisation', 'part', 'global', 'brand', 'market', 'leaders', 'process', 'equipment', 'product', 'product', 'graduate', 'executive', 'inherit', 'existing', 'account', 'base', 'engineers', 'managers', 'develop', 'maintain', 'building', 'relationships', 'crucial', 'succeed', 'communication', 'road', 'visiting', 'face', 'face', 'daily', 'basis', 'professional', 'advise', 'bespoke', 'process', 'instrumentation', 'solutions', 'products', 'wide', 'variety', 'markets', 'expected', 'expand', 'account', 'base', 'prospect', 'build', 'relationships', 'repeat', 'market', 'leaders', 'process', 'instrumentation', 'market', 'seeking', 'focussed', 'graduate', 'advise', 'bespoke', 'instrumentation', 'graduate', 'executive', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'developing', 'existing', 'account', 'base', 'prospecting', 'advising', 'bespoke', 'products', 'equipment', 'face', 'face', 'visits', 'graduate', 'executive', 'individuals', 'meet', 'criteria', 'educated', 'degree', 'level', 'preferably', 'focus', 'relationship', 'building', 'driving', 'license', 'communication', 'eligible', 'live', 'package', 'graduate', 'basic', 'bonus', 'audi', 'mobile', 'laptop', 'healthcare', 'days', 'holiday', 'benefits', 'bms', 'graduate', 'llp', 'focus', 'helping', 'future', 'professionals', 'find', 'graduate', 'jobs', 'specifically', 'graduates', 'jobs', 'specialise', 'graduate', 'assessment', 'placement', 'established', 'developed', 'brand', 'synonymous', 'graduate', 'prestigious', 'base', 'global', 'companies', 'range', 'attract', 'retain', 'develop', 'graduate', 'talent', 'visit', 'website', 'www', 'bmsgraduates', 'call', 'sharon', 'wright', 'graduate', 'discuss', 'search', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'salestarget', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Precise Accounts Person
Webindex: 62004211
Company: Try Temps
Description: Part Time Book Keeper **** p/h This position would suit someone who is looking to work within a family organisation who has a flexible approach to working conditions.The position has arisen as the current person is leaving for full time employment after working there for 17 years. The company now wish to invest the same amount of time and effort into the new person. You must possess a good knowledge of book keeping as you will be required to do sales ledger,purchase ledger, nominal ledger up to trial balance and manage a small weekly payroll. This a long term secure permanent part time position working for a family engineering company that is easily commutable, close to Tyseley railway station and with excellent bus links. This position would be ideal for anyone who wishes to launch their career in 2013." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00335.txt " Precise Accounts Person" " 62004211" " Try Temps" " Part Time Book Keeper **** p/h This position would suit someone who is looking to work within a family organisation who has a flexible approach to working conditions.The position has arisen as the current person is leaving for full time employment after working there for 17 years. The company now wish to invest the same amount of time and effort into the new person. You must possess a good knowledge of book keeping as you will be required to do sales ledger,purchase ledger, nominal ledger up to trial balance and manage a small weekly payroll. This a long term secure permanent part time position working for a family engineering company that is easily commutable, close to Tyseley railway station and with excellent bus links. This position would be ideal for anyone who wishes to launch their career in 2013." "['part', 'time', 'book', 'keeper', 'suit', 'family', 'organisation', 'flexible', 'approach', 'conditions', 'arisen', 'current', 'person', 'leaving', 'time', 'employment', 'years', 'invest', 'amount', 'time', 'effort', 'person', 'possess', 'book', 'keeping', 'ledger', 'purchase', 'ledger', 'nominal', 'ledger', 'trial', 'balance', 'manage', 'small', 'weekly', 'payroll', 'long', 'term', 'secure', 'permanent', 'part', 'time', 'family', 'easily', 'commutable', 'close', 'railway', 'station', 'bus', 'links', 'ideal', 'wishes', 'launch', 'career']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Control Systems Engineer
Webindex: 71367580
Company: Automation Experts
Description: Immediate Job Opportunity Job Name: Control Systems Engineer Reference: SJH**** Location: West Midlands Salary: ****k Benefits: Benefits ambassador on behalf of the company to blue chip customers. With an exhaustive product solution offering that encompasses PLC, SCADA, and HMI implementation along with systems integration, process control and conveyor systems and various aspects of materials handling within a busy manufacturing environment, successful candidates will enjoy project autonomy on a diverse range of applications based in the Midlands area, and genuine scope for structured career progression within a stable and technically challenging environment. You can expect a generous starting salary of up to ****k with ****k Car allowance. The role is commutable from Birmingham, Dudley, Worcestershire, Wolverhampton and Solihull. For further information call Sharon Hill on (Apply online only) or (Apply online only). Alternatively, email a copy of your current CV quoting the above reference number. A full list of live vacancies can be found on our website (url removed) Looking for a job involved with maintenance, service or design for automated machinery, control systems, process control solutions or systems integration projects? Register your details on our website where you will find a full list of live positions where a customised automated search process allows immediate access to new vacancies as they are registered. Free, confidential service. All respondents to this position must be eligible to live and work in the UK  Automation Experts are unable to assist with the award of Visas or UK Work Permits. As a registered engineer, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme where you will receive **** tax free for every engineer we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Automation Experts offer recruitment services on a contract and permanent basis; We support many of the leading companies throughout the UK. For a confidential discussion with an experienced consultant, please do not hesitate to telephone (Apply online only)" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00161.txt " Control Systems Engineer" " 71367580" " Automation Experts" " Immediate Job Opportunity Job Name: Control Systems Engineer Reference: SJH**** Location: West Midlands Salary: ****k Benefits: Benefits ambassador on behalf of the company to blue chip customers. With an exhaustive product solution offering that encompasses PLC, SCADA, and HMI implementation along with systems integration, process control and conveyor systems and various aspects of materials handling within a busy manufacturing environment, successful candidates will enjoy project autonomy on a diverse range of applications based in the Midlands area, and genuine scope for structured career progression within a stable and technically challenging environment. You can expect a generous starting salary of up to ****k with ****k Car allowance. The role is commutable from Birmingham, Dudley, Worcestershire, Wolverhampton and Solihull. For further information call Sharon Hill on (Apply online only) or (Apply online only). Alternatively, email a copy of your current CV quoting the above reference number. A full list of live vacancies can be found on our website (url removed) Looking for a job involved with maintenance, service or design for automated machinery, control systems, process control solutions or systems integration projects? Register your details on our website where you will find a full list of live positions where a customised automated search process allows immediate access to new vacancies as they are registered. Free, confidential service. All respondents to this position must be eligible to live and work in the UK  Automation Experts are unable to assist with the award of Visas or UK Work Permits. As a registered engineer, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme where you will receive **** tax free for every engineer we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Automation Experts offer recruitment services on a contract and permanent basis; We support many of the leading companies throughout the UK. For a confidential discussion with an experienced consultant, please do not hesitate to telephone (Apply online only)" "['control', 'reference', 'location', 'west', 'midlands', 'benefits', 'benefits', 'ambassador', 'behalf', 'blue', 'chip', 'customers', 'exhaustive', 'product', 'solution', 'offering', 'encompasses', 'plc', 'scada', 'hmi', 'implementation', 'integration', 'process', 'control', 'conveyor', 'aspects', 'materials', 'handling', 'busy', 'manufacturing', 'environment', 'candidates', 'enjoy', 'project', 'autonomy', 'diverse', 'range', 'applications', 'midlands', 'area', 'genuine', 'scope', 'structured', 'career', 'progression', 'stable', 'technically', 'challenging', 'environment', 'expect', 'generous', 'starting', 'car', 'allowance', 'commutable', 'birmingham', 'worcestershire', 'wolverhampton', 'solihull', 'information', 'call', 'sharon', 'hill', 'online', 'online', 'alternatively', 'email', 'copy', 'current', 'cv', 'quoting', 'reference', 'number', 'list', 'live', 'vacancies', 'found', 'website', 'url', 'removed', 'involved', 'maintenance', 'automated', 'machinery', 'control', 'process', 'control', 'solutions', 'integration', 'projects', 'register', 'details', 'website', 'find', 'list', 'live', 'positions', 'customised', 'automated', 'search', 'process', 'access', 'vacancies', 'registered', 'free', 'confidential', 'respondents', 'eligible', 'live', 'automation', 'experts', 'unable', 'assist', 'award', 'visas', 'permits', 'registered', 'automatically', 'eligible', 'referral', 'scheme', 'receive', 'tax', 'free', 'place', 'permanent', 'employment', 'recommended', 'automation', 'experts', 'offer', 'contract', 'permanent', 'basis', 'companies', 'confidential', 'discussion', 'experienced', 'consultant', 'hesitate', 'telephone', 'online']" Engineering
"Title: Asbestos Lab Analyst/CAD  Asbestos P****  London
Webindex: 71556854
Company: Future Select Recruitment
Description: Due to expanding working load, our client is actively looking for an Asbestos Lab Analyst/CAD to join their busy office in London. They are looking for an individual who is keen and enthusiastic and who must possess the P**** asbestos certificate and must have previous experience working within this role and within the asbestos industry. The role will entail working part time analyzing bulk samples and the rest of the time doing CAD plans and/or training as a site worker. Receiving and appropriately logging samples received by the laboratory, preparing samples for analysis and carrying out analysis of samples for fibre content. Completing and typing certificates of analysis as and when required and at the same time complying with UKAS documentation and the Asbestos Quality Control Procedures. In general, the successful candidate will be versatile, flexible, have good communication skills, both written and verbal and work independently. In return, this company offers a competitive salary and other benefits. Future Select specialize in recruiting staff in the Asbestos Industry. We currently have over a **** clients that are looking for candidates that have from 3 months experience to people with over 20 years in the industry. We have vacancies for Assistant Asbestos Surveyors, Basic Asbestos Surveyor, Lead Asbestos Surveyors, Asbestos Analysts, Asbestos Project Managers, Asbestos Junior Consultants, Asbestos Senior Consultants, Asbestos Laboratory Technicians, Asbestos Removal Contracts Managers, to Asbestos Director level positions. Salaries ranging ****k.We are recruiting for Asbestos clients in all regions throughout the UK" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00501.txt " Asbestos Lab Analyst/CAD  Asbestos P****  London" " 71556854" " Future Select Recruitment" " Due to expanding working load, our client is actively looking for an Asbestos Lab Analyst/CAD to join their busy office in London. They are looking for an individual who is keen and enthusiastic and who must possess the P**** asbestos certificate and must have previous experience working within this role and within the asbestos industry. The role will entail working part time analyzing bulk samples and the rest of the time doing CAD plans and/or training as a site worker. Receiving and appropriately logging samples received by the laboratory, preparing samples for analysis and carrying out analysis of samples for fibre content. Completing and typing certificates of analysis as and when required and at the same time complying with UKAS documentation and the Asbestos Quality Control Procedures. In general, the successful candidate will be versatile, flexible, have good communication skills, both written and verbal and work independently. In return, this company offers a competitive salary and other benefits. Future Select specialize in recruiting staff in the Asbestos Industry. We currently have over a **** clients that are looking for candidates that have from 3 months experience to people with over 20 years in the industry. We have vacancies for Assistant Asbestos Surveyors, Basic Asbestos Surveyor, Lead Asbestos Surveyors, Asbestos Analysts, Asbestos Project Managers, Asbestos Junior Consultants, Asbestos Senior Consultants, Asbestos Laboratory Technicians, Asbestos Removal Contracts Managers, to Asbestos Director level positions. Salaries ranging ****k.We are recruiting for Asbestos clients in all regions throughout the UK" "['due', 'expanding', 'load', 'actively', 'asbestos', 'lab', 'analyst', 'cad', 'busy', 'office', 'london', 'individual', 'keen', 'enthusiastic', 'possess', 'asbestos', 'certificate', 'previous', 'asbestos', 'industry', 'entail', 'part', 'time', 'bulk', 'samples', 'rest', 'time', 'cad', 'plans', 'site', 'worker', 'receiving', 'appropriately', 'logging', 'samples', 'received', 'laboratory', 'preparing', 'samples', 'analysis', 'carrying', 'analysis', 'samples', 'content', 'completing', 'typing', 'certificates', 'analysis', 'time', 'complying', 'documentation', 'asbestos', 'quality', 'control', 'procedures', 'general', 'versatile', 'flexible', 'communication', 'written', 'verbal', 'independently', 'return', 'offers', 'competitive', 'benefits', 'future', 'select', 'specialize', 'recruiting', 'asbestos', 'industry', 'candidates', 'months', 'people', 'years', 'industry', 'vacancies', 'assistant', 'asbestos', 'surveyors', 'basic', 'asbestos', 'surveyor', 'lead', 'asbestos', 'surveyors', 'asbestos', 'analysts', 'asbestos', 'project', 'managers', 'asbestos', 'junior', 'consultants', 'asbestos', 'senior', 'consultants', 'asbestos', 'laboratory', 'technicians', 'asbestos', 'contracts', 'managers', 'asbestos', 'director', 'level', 'positions', 'salaries', 'ranging', 'recruiting', 'asbestos', 'regions']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Norwegian Speakers needed
Webindex: 72411451
Company: mgi recruitment
Description: We are Looking for Norwegian speaker with team player, good interpersonal skills, energetic, customer oriented. Our client is Global Service operating in Belfast. If you've been thinking of working in UK than this language job is your ideal opportunity. If this sounds good to you just go ahead and send your CV Now  kayesa(at)mgirecruitment.com Responsibilities: Acts as first point of contact for any Cisco Customer, Partners/Reseller or Employees in the specific country you will be operating on. You will be required to take inbound calls in English depending on business need. Provides support to customers via the Telephone, Email and Chat Supports the customer in the following areas: Ordering products, Employee support, Cisco certification and Training, Partner Help, Technical Support and Presales. Redirects the caller to the appropriate department within Cisco. Solves customers problems and make customers aware of CISCO products/website and educate the customer to become more self sufficient Takes ownership until customer's problem is fully resolved. Flexible to assist in other teams across the business depending on business need. Essential Criteria: Fluency in written and spoken English BA/BSc degree (or equivalent) or 612 months customer service experience Customer Focus – 612 months outstanding customer service experience in a service driven environment. Specialist Expertise – Computer literate and confident in ability to browse Internet. Interest in computer networking and infrastructures. Working with others  Demonstrates experience of working in a team based environment supporting the team in achieving the highest quality standards and takes an active role in generating team morale Planning Organising  Ability to multitask, plan and prioritise workload Effective Communication  Excellent communication skills both verbal and written Resilience  Demonstrates resilience and ability to work on own initiative Problem Solving  Demonstrates problem solving and troubleshooting skills Responsibility for Results  Demonstrates ownership and accountability to achieve deadlines and targets. Takes ownership to enhance your own learning to ensure sufficient knowledge to excel in the role. Apply for this job: If this looks good to you just go ahead and Send your CV Now: Email: kayesa(at)mgirecruitment.com  **** ****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00770.txt " Norwegian Speakers needed" " 72411451" " mgi recruitment" " We are Looking for Norwegian speaker with team player, good interpersonal skills, energetic, customer oriented. Our client is Global Service operating in Belfast. If you've been thinking of working in UK than this language job is your ideal opportunity. If this sounds good to you just go ahead and send your CV Now  kayesa(at)mgirecruitment.com Responsibilities: Acts as first point of contact for any Cisco Customer, Partners/Reseller or Employees in the specific country you will be operating on. You will be required to take inbound calls in English depending on business need. Provides support to customers via the Telephone, Email and Chat Supports the customer in the following areas: Ordering products, Employee support, Cisco certification and Training, Partner Help, Technical Support and Presales. Redirects the caller to the appropriate department within Cisco. Solves customers problems and make customers aware of CISCO products/website and educate the customer to become more self sufficient Takes ownership until customer's problem is fully resolved. Flexible to assist in other teams across the business depending on business need. Essential Criteria: Fluency in written and spoken English BA/BSc degree (or equivalent) or 612 months customer service experience Customer Focus – 612 months outstanding customer service experience in a service driven environment. Specialist Expertise – Computer literate and confident in ability to browse Internet. Interest in computer networking and infrastructures. Working with others  Demonstrates experience of working in a team based environment supporting the team in achieving the highest quality standards and takes an active role in generating team morale Planning Organising  Ability to multitask, plan and prioritise workload Effective Communication  Excellent communication skills both verbal and written Resilience  Demonstrates resilience and ability to work on own initiative Problem Solving  Demonstrates problem solving and troubleshooting skills Responsibility for Results  Demonstrates ownership and accountability to achieve deadlines and targets. Takes ownership to enhance your own learning to ensure sufficient knowledge to excel in the role. Apply for this job: If this looks good to you just go ahead and Send your CV Now: Email: kayesa(at)mgirecruitment.com  **** ****" "['norwegian', 'speaker', 'player', 'interpersonal', 'energetic', 'oriented', 'global', 'operating', 'belfast', 'thinking', 'language', 'ideal', 'sounds', 'ahead', 'send', 'cv', 'kayesa', 'mgirecruitment', 'responsibilities', 'acts', 'point', 'contact', 'cisco', 'partners', 'reseller', 'employees', 'specific', 'country', 'operating', 'inbound', 'calls', 'english', 'depending', 'customers', 'telephone', 'email', 'chat', 'supports', 'areas', 'ordering', 'products', 'employee', 'cisco', 'certification', 'partner', 'technical', 'presales', 'caller', 'department', 'cisco', 'customers', 'problems', 'make', 'customers', 'aware', 'cisco', 'products', 'website', 'sufficient', 'takes', 'ownership', ""customer's"", 'problem', 'fully', 'resolved', 'flexible', 'assist', 'teams', 'depending', 'essential', 'criteria', 'fluency', 'written', 'spoken', 'english', 'ba', 'bsc', 'degree', 'equivalent', 'months', 'focus', 'months', 'outstanding', 'driven', 'environment', 'specialist', 'expertise', 'computer', 'literate', 'confident', 'internet', 'interest', 'computer', 'networking', 'demonstrates', 'environment', 'supporting', 'achieving', 'highest', 'quality', 'standards', 'takes', 'active', 'generating', 'morale', 'planning', 'organising', 'multitask', 'plan', 'prioritise', 'workload', 'effective', 'communication', 'communication', 'verbal', 'written', 'resilience', 'demonstrates', 'resilience', 'initiative', 'problem', 'solving', 'demonstrates', 'problem', 'solving', 'troubleshooting', 'responsibility', 'results', 'demonstrates', 'ownership', 'accountability', 'achieve', 'deadlines', 'targets', 'takes', 'ownership', 'enhance', 'learning', 'sufficient', 'excel', 'ahead', 'send', 'cv', 'email', 'kayesa', 'mgirecruitment']" Sales
"Title: Service Manager (Mobile Plant)
Webindex: 69966126
Company: ETS Technical
Description: This manufacturers distributor of heavy plant (Hi Reach, Loaders, Crushers, Crawlers) wishes to appoint a service supervisor for their Bristol site. The ideal candidate will be a time served or apprentice trained heavy plant fitter who has vehicle electrics skills and is also IT literate. Key responsibilities include the management of work flows within the depot and delivering a high standard of customer service" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00076.txt " Service Manager (Mobile Plant)" " 69966126" " ETS Technical" " This manufacturers distributor of heavy plant (Hi Reach, Loaders, Crushers, Crawlers) wishes to appoint a service supervisor for their Bristol site. The ideal candidate will be a time served or apprentice trained heavy plant fitter who has vehicle electrics skills and is also IT literate. Key responsibilities include the management of work flows within the depot and delivering a high standard of customer service" "['manufacturers', 'distributor', 'heavy', 'plant', 'reach', 'wishes', 'appoint', 'supervisor', 'bristol', 'site', 'ideal', 'time', 'served', 'apprentice', 'trained', 'heavy', 'plant', 'fitter', 'vehicle', 'literate', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'depot', 'delivering', 'standard']" Engineering
"Title: New Business Developer
Webindex: 72438284
Company: A1 People
Description: Position: New Business Developer Location: London Salary:****k  Comms Ref:**** Our client based in London is currently looking for a New Business Developer to join the company, now **** strong with over 10 years trading, they are currently in need of a New Business Developer that can start from scratch and bring in new business and new accounts. This is also a chance to build a department and grow with in the organisation. The right person for this role will be a cold caller, lead generator, pitcher , closer and client service manager . Please make sure that your full address and details are included in your application for this role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NewBusinessDeveloper_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00686.txt " New Business Developer" " 72438284" " A1 People" " Position: New Business Developer Location: London Salary:****k  Comms Ref:**** Our client based in London is currently looking for a New Business Developer to join the company, now **** strong with over 10 years trading, they are currently in need of a New Business Developer that can start from scratch and bring in new business and new accounts. This is also a chance to build a department and grow with in the organisation. The right person for this role will be a cold caller, lead generator, pitcher , closer and client service manager . Please make sure that your full address and details are included in your application for this role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NewBusinessDeveloper_job****" "['developer', 'location', 'london', 'comms', 'ref', 'london', 'developer', 'years', 'trading', 'developer', 'start', 'bring', 'accounts', 'chance', 'build', 'department', 'grow', 'organisation', 'person', 'cold', 'caller', 'lead', 'generator', 'closer', 'make', 'address', 'details', 'included', 'application', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Support Workers
Webindex: 72692186
Company: Clyde and Forth 
Description: Support Workers ****  **** per hour Fulltime, parttime and bank We live at Langley Road, a residential service for men and women with learning disabilities. Our house is located just on the outskirts of Slough and has good access to public transport as well as local amenities. Working alone or as part of a team, you will support us as we take part in our favourite activities, which include swimming, football and bowling. We also enjoy cooking, baking and gardening and regularly go to the cinema and day services. We need your support as we have autism, epilepsy, mental health needs and behaviours which may challenge. This also means that we may need your help with our personal care. Experience is preferred, but is not essential as a full induction and training programme will be provided. In return, Voyage Care offers excellent benefits including **** hours annual leave (pro rata for parttime), life assurance and childcare vouchers. To apply online, scan the QR code, visit website voyagecare.com or email for an application form quoting ref: **** CVs are not accepted. Closing date: 14th February 2013. We are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of the people we support. All successful candidates will be subject to an Enhanced DBS check for Regulated Activity which will include a check against both the Barred adult and children lists. We are an equal opportunities employer." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00452.txt " Support Workers" " 72692186" " Clyde and Forth " " Support Workers ****  **** per hour Fulltime, parttime and bank We live at Langley Road, a residential service for men and women with learning disabilities. Our house is located just on the outskirts of Slough and has good access to public transport as well as local amenities. Working alone or as part of a team, you will support us as we take part in our favourite activities, which include swimming, football and bowling. We also enjoy cooking, baking and gardening and regularly go to the cinema and day services. We need your support as we have autism, epilepsy, mental health needs and behaviours which may challenge. This also means that we may need your help with our personal care. Experience is preferred, but is not essential as a full induction and training programme will be provided. In return, Voyage Care offers excellent benefits including **** hours annual leave (pro rata for parttime), life assurance and childcare vouchers. To apply online, scan the QR code, visit website voyagecare.com or email for an application form quoting ref: **** CVs are not accepted. Closing date: 14th February 2013. We are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of the people we support. All successful candidates will be subject to an Enhanced DBS check for Regulated Activity which will include a check against both the Barred adult and children lists. We are an equal opportunities employer." "['workers', 'hour', 'fulltime', 'parttime', 'bank', 'live', 'road', 'residential', 'men', 'women', 'learning', 'disabilities', 'house', 'located', 'outskirts', 'slough', 'access', 'public', 'transport', 'local', 'amenities', 'part', 'part', 'activities', 'include', 'swimming', 'enjoy', 'cooking', 'baking', 'regularly', 'cinema', 'day', 'autism', 'epilepsy', 'mental', 'health', 'behaviours', 'challenge', 'means', 'personal', 'preferred', 'essential', 'induction', 'programme', 'provided', 'return', 'offers', 'benefits', 'hours', 'annual', 'leave', 'pro', 'rata', 'parttime', 'life', 'assurance', 'childcare', 'vouchers', 'online', 'code', 'visit', 'website', 'email', 'application', 'form', 'quoting', 'ref', 'cvs', 'accepted', 'closing', 'date', 'february', 'committed', 'safeguarding', 'promoting', 'welfare', 'people', 'candidates', 'subject', 'enhanced', 'dbs', 'check', 'regulated', 'activity', 'include', 'check', 'adult', 'children', 'lists', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: European Account Manager (German and English)
Webindex: 66399629
Company: Positive Selection
Description: Our client is in urgent need of a candidate with a background in either or account management/business development that has a track record in managing international (European) client accounts and maintain relationships and establish new leads, and proactively manage the allocated International accounts customers and prospect base. You will also provide head office support and reporting to foreign sales, support the International Sales Director with internal and external duties following customer meetings or trade exhibitions and Developing key internal relationships that provide a framework to support your key account base, whilst promoting product offers and services to all International customers. You will also be required to attend meetings at trade fairs in London, Frankfurt and other ad hoc international travel. Your role will involve email, meeting clients and making outbound calls on a daily basis. You will work in a friendly and fantastic state of art open plan office, with training, progression and bonus incentives. This role would really suit a account manager or sales professional with a second language in German" 3 data/Sales\Job_00632.txt " European Account Manager (German and English)" " 66399629" " Positive Selection" " Our client is in urgent need of a candidate with a background in either or account management/business development that has a track record in managing international (European) client accounts and maintain relationships and establish new leads, and proactively manage the allocated International accounts customers and prospect base. You will also provide head office support and reporting to foreign sales, support the International Sales Director with internal and external duties following customer meetings or trade exhibitions and Developing key internal relationships that provide a framework to support your key account base, whilst promoting product offers and services to all International customers. You will also be required to attend meetings at trade fairs in London, Frankfurt and other ad hoc international travel. Your role will involve email, meeting clients and making outbound calls on a daily basis. You will work in a friendly and fantastic state of art open plan office, with training, progression and bonus incentives. This role would really suit a account manager or sales professional with a second language in German" "['urgent', 'background', 'account', 'track', 'record', 'managing', 'international', 'european', 'accounts', 'maintain', 'relationships', 'establish', 'leads', 'proactively', 'manage', 'allocated', 'international', 'accounts', 'customers', 'prospect', 'base', 'head', 'office', 'reporting', 'foreign', 'international', 'director', 'internal', 'external', 'duties', 'meetings', 'trade', 'exhibitions', 'developing', 'key', 'internal', 'relationships', 'framework', 'key', 'account', 'base', 'whilst', 'promoting', 'product', 'offers', 'international', 'customers', 'attend', 'meetings', 'trade', 'fairs', 'london', 'ad', 'hoc', 'international', 'travel', 'involve', 'email', 'meeting', 'making', 'outbound', 'calls', 'daily', 'basis', 'friendly', 'fantastic', 'state', 'art', 'open', 'plan', 'office', 'progression', 'bonus', 'incentives', 'suit', 'account', 'professional', 'language', 'german']" Sales
"Title: Senior Purchasing Manager
Webindex: 72444694
Company: Silver Stone Search & Selection
Description: The Company A growing multinational organisation providing high quality branded and own label products across the UK and several international markets wish to recruit a commercially driven Senior Purchasing Manager. They pride themselves on their customer focus, integrity and team working capabilities. The Role  You will be responsible for delivering a substantial purchasing spend through your team to maximise value for money through developing value added supplier relationships and practices.  You will design and deliver the sourcing strategy for the product range and work closely with stakeholders.  You will proactively pursue supply channels which will add value to business performance and provide opportunities to reduce costs without compromising quality.  The desire to drive purchasing practices forward by constructively challenging, reviewing and improving supplier performance is important.  You will encourage your team to identify and recommend new products and lead the development of new initiatives that will benefit customers and consumers. The Person  With extensive purchasing experience in the Food Industry, you will be motivated by having the autonomy to deliver as an individual and through your team.  You will ideally have broad purchasing skills across multiple categories and direct experience of buying grocery products.  You will be able to demonstrate a passionate approach utilising sound commercial acumen and clear initiative to inspire suppliers.  A self motivated individual with a high level of integrity you can calmly react to unexpected business demands to achieve the desired results.  You will need to be flexible to travel on occasion. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorPurchasingManager_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00214.txt " Senior Purchasing Manager" " 72444694" " Silver Stone Search & Selection" " The Company A growing multinational organisation providing high quality branded and own label products across the UK and several international markets wish to recruit a commercially driven Senior Purchasing Manager. They pride themselves on their customer focus, integrity and team working capabilities. The Role  You will be responsible for delivering a substantial purchasing spend through your team to maximise value for money through developing value added supplier relationships and practices.  You will design and deliver the sourcing strategy for the product range and work closely with stakeholders.  You will proactively pursue supply channels which will add value to business performance and provide opportunities to reduce costs without compromising quality.  The desire to drive purchasing practices forward by constructively challenging, reviewing and improving supplier performance is important.  You will encourage your team to identify and recommend new products and lead the development of new initiatives that will benefit customers and consumers. The Person  With extensive purchasing experience in the Food Industry, you will be motivated by having the autonomy to deliver as an individual and through your team.  You will ideally have broad purchasing skills across multiple categories and direct experience of buying grocery products.  You will be able to demonstrate a passionate approach utilising sound commercial acumen and clear initiative to inspire suppliers.  A self motivated individual with a high level of integrity you can calmly react to unexpected business demands to achieve the desired results.  You will need to be flexible to travel on occasion. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorPurchasingManager_job****" "['growing', 'multinational', 'organisation', 'providing', 'quality', 'branded', 'products', 'international', 'markets', 'recruit', 'commercially', 'driven', 'senior', 'purchasing', 'pride', 'focus', 'integrity', 'capabilities', 'responsible', 'delivering', 'substantial', 'purchasing', 'spend', 'maximise', 'money', 'developing', 'added', 'supplier', 'relationships', 'practices', 'deliver', 'sourcing', 'strategy', 'product', 'range', 'closely', 'stakeholders', 'proactively', 'pursue', 'supply', 'channels', 'add', 'performance', 'opportunities', 'reduce', 'costs', 'quality', 'desire', 'drive', 'purchasing', 'practices', 'forward', 'constructively', 'challenging', 'reviewing', 'improving', 'supplier', 'performance', 'important', 'encourage', 'identify', 'recommend', 'products', 'lead', 'initiatives', 'benefit', 'customers', 'consumers', 'person', 'extensive', 'purchasing', 'food', 'industry', 'motivated', 'autonomy', 'deliver', 'individual', 'ideally', 'broad', 'purchasing', 'multiple', 'categories', 'direct', 'buying', 'grocery', 'products', 'demonstrate', 'passionate', 'approach', 'utilising', 'sound', 'commercial', 'acumen', 'clear', 'initiative', 'inspire', 'suppliers', 'motivated', 'individual', 'level', 'integrity', 'unexpected', 'demands', 'achieve', 'desired', 'results', 'flexible', 'travel', 'occasion', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Lead Generator
Webindex: 72448172
Company: Time Recruitment Solutions
Description: Lead Generators (Part Time) ****  **** (Pro Rata)  Bonus scheme, benefits and incentives Adlington Part Time (****20 hrs per week, 5pm9pm) Do you want to work for an organisation that cares for you and the people it serves? If so we may just have the job for you The company Our client are a leading financial advice service organisation who employ over **** people and help thousands of people get on top of their debts and money problems every year. They are now looking for 5 Lead Generators to join their dynamic and friendly team. The company offers incredible benefits (listed below), an excellent uncapped commission structure, regular incentives (Ipads, kindles, plasma TVs), excellent opportunities for progression and first rate training. The Lead Generator role The main purpose of the Lead Generator role is to make outbound calls to people who have made enquiries through various sources and may require help and advice on serious debt problems. The ideal candidate would demonstrate enthusiasm and easily engage customers within their daily duties. Hours of work for a Lead Generator are negotiable between 12  20 working between 5pm  9pm Monday to Thursday and Saturday 10am  2pm, with optional additional hours. There will also be full time opportunities available in the near future. What's in it for you Salary for the Lead Generator role is between **** to **** (prorata) depending on experience. o Generous Bonus Scheme which pays between ****  **** based on performance o Generous incentive scheme offering a great rewards such as Ipads, Kindles plasma TV's o Holidays  Up to 25 days plus **** public holidays o Buy and Sell Annual Leave Scheme (up to 5 days per annum) o Up to 3% matched contributory Pension Scheme o Save as You Earn Scheme o Life Assurance o Employee Discount Scheme (includes ****s of High Street Retailers) o Childcare Vouchers o Discounted Healthcare o Corporate Gym Membership o Cycle to Work Scheme o Loyalty Awards o Discounted Rail Cards(available via seasonal loans) o Money saving products and services (including gas, electricity, home, car and phone insurance) o Onsite Canteen, free hot drinks, car parking, onsite internet access and dress down every Friday and a referral scheme which pays up to **** Development opportunities to undertake NVQs and Microsoft Office Courses Requirements o The ability to work in a team o Basic numeracy and literacy skills. o Good listening skills and telephone manner. o Good keyboard/IT skills. o Excellent communication skills. o Self motivated and driven o Positive attitude Please note that you will need to meet the essential criteria for this role to be successfully shortlisted. To apply for the role forward your CV on to t.lewistimerecruitment.com Key words lead gen, lead generators, sales, debt, debt management, debt resolution, iva, call centre This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LeadGenerator_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00729.txt " Lead Generator" " 72448172" " Time Recruitment Solutions" " Lead Generators (Part Time) ****  **** (Pro Rata)  Bonus scheme, benefits and incentives Adlington Part Time (****20 hrs per week, 5pm9pm) Do you want to work for an organisation that cares for you and the people it serves? If so we may just have the job for you The company Our client are a leading financial advice service organisation who employ over **** people and help thousands of people get on top of their debts and money problems every year. They are now looking for 5 Lead Generators to join their dynamic and friendly team. The company offers incredible benefits (listed below), an excellent uncapped commission structure, regular incentives (Ipads, kindles, plasma TVs), excellent opportunities for progression and first rate training. The Lead Generator role The main purpose of the Lead Generator role is to make outbound calls to people who have made enquiries through various sources and may require help and advice on serious debt problems. The ideal candidate would demonstrate enthusiasm and easily engage customers within their daily duties. Hours of work for a Lead Generator are negotiable between 12  20 working between 5pm  9pm Monday to Thursday and Saturday 10am  2pm, with optional additional hours. There will also be full time opportunities available in the near future. What's in it for you Salary for the Lead Generator role is between **** to **** (prorata) depending on experience. o Generous Bonus Scheme which pays between ****  **** based on performance o Generous incentive scheme offering a great rewards such as Ipads, Kindles plasma TV's o Holidays  Up to 25 days plus **** public holidays o Buy and Sell Annual Leave Scheme (up to 5 days per annum) o Up to 3% matched contributory Pension Scheme o Save as You Earn Scheme o Life Assurance o Employee Discount Scheme (includes ****s of High Street Retailers) o Childcare Vouchers o Discounted Healthcare o Corporate Gym Membership o Cycle to Work Scheme o Loyalty Awards o Discounted Rail Cards(available via seasonal loans) o Money saving products and services (including gas, electricity, home, car and phone insurance) o Onsite Canteen, free hot drinks, car parking, onsite internet access and dress down every Friday and a referral scheme which pays up to **** Development opportunities to undertake NVQs and Microsoft Office Courses Requirements o The ability to work in a team o Basic numeracy and literacy skills. o Good listening skills and telephone manner. o Good keyboard/IT skills. o Excellent communication skills. o Self motivated and driven o Positive attitude Please note that you will need to meet the essential criteria for this role to be successfully shortlisted. To apply for the role forward your CV on to t.lewistimerecruitment.com Key words lead gen, lead generators, sales, debt, debt management, debt resolution, iva, call centre This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LeadGenerator_job****" "['lead', 'generators', 'part', 'time', 'pro', 'rata', 'bonus', 'scheme', 'benefits', 'incentives', 'part', 'time', 'hrs', 'week', 'pm', 'pm', 'organisation', 'cares', 'people', 'serves', 'advice', 'organisation', 'employ', 'people', 'thousands', 'people', 'top', 'debts', 'money', 'problems', 'year', 'lead', 'generators', 'dynamic', 'friendly', 'offers', 'incredible', 'benefits', 'listed', 'uncapped', 'commission', 'structure', 'regular', 'incentives', 'ipads', 'kindles', 'plasma', 'opportunities', 'progression', 'rate', 'lead', 'generator', 'main', 'purpose', 'lead', 'generator', 'make', 'outbound', 'calls', 'people', 'made', 'enquiries', 'sources', 'require', 'advice', 'debt', 'problems', 'ideal', 'demonstrate', 'enthusiasm', 'easily', 'engage', 'customers', 'daily', 'duties', 'hours', 'lead', 'generator', 'negotiable', 'pm', 'pm', 'monday', 'thursday', 'saturday', 'pm', 'optional', 'additional', 'hours', 'time', 'opportunities', 'future', 'lead', 'generator', 'prorata', 'depending', 'generous', 'bonus', 'scheme', 'pays', 'performance', 'generous', 'incentive', 'scheme', 'offering', 'great', 'rewards', 'ipads', 'kindles', 'plasma', 'holidays', 'days', 'public', 'holidays', 'buy', 'sell', 'annual', 'leave', 'scheme', 'days', 'annum', 'contributory', 'pension', 'scheme', 'save', 'earn', 'scheme', 'life', 'assurance', 'employee', 'discount', 'scheme', 'includes', 'street', 'retailers', 'childcare', 'vouchers', 'discounted', 'healthcare', 'corporate', 'gym', 'membership', 'cycle', 'scheme', 'loyalty', 'awards', 'discounted', 'rail', 'cards', 'seasonal', 'loans', 'money', 'saving', 'products', 'gas', 'electricity', 'car', 'phone', 'insurance', 'onsite', 'canteen', 'free', 'hot', 'drinks', 'car', 'parking', 'onsite', 'internet', 'access', 'dress', 'friday', 'referral', 'scheme', 'pays', 'opportunities', 'undertake', 'nvqs', 'microsoft', 'office', 'courses', 'requirements', 'basic', 'numeracy', 'literacy', 'listening', 'telephone', 'manner', 'keyboard', 'communication', 'motivated', 'driven', 'positive', 'attitude', 'note', 'meet', 'essential', 'criteria', 'successfully', 'shortlisted', 'forward', 'cv', 'key', 'words', 'lead', 'gen', 'lead', 'generators', 'debt', 'debt', 'debt', 'resolution', 'call', 'centre', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Housekeeper
Webindex: 69996401
Company: 2M Employment Solutions Ltd
Description: Housekeeper Hale Barns, Cheshire Salary: **** per hour  benefits Hours: Bank hours available Working as part of the staff team at a prestigious care home in Hale Barns, Cheshire the Housekeeper is responsible for ensuring that resident suites and communal areas are kept clean, tidy and presentable at all times as per company standards. Key duties and responsibilities of this role include:  Responsible for cleaning all common areas.  Responsible for weekly cleaning of resident rooms and bathrooms.  Check the housekeeping cart to ensure all appropriate supplies are available  Stock the housekeeping cart at the end of shift  Wash, dry and press resident bed linen Candidates for this vacancy must:  Possess effective written and verbal communication skills  Exhibit a caring and compassionate attitude while articulating true concern for people  Be able to make responsible choices and decisions, and act in the resident's best interest  Effective time keeping and time management Working on an adhoc, bank basis this position offers a rate of **** per hour along with additional benefits including pension plan and life assurance. To be considered for this vacancy please click 'Apply Now' and forward a copy of your CV. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/Housekeeper_job****" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00536.txt " Housekeeper" " 69996401" " 2M Employment Solutions Ltd" " Housekeeper Hale Barns, Cheshire Salary: **** per hour  benefits Hours: Bank hours available Working as part of the staff team at a prestigious care home in Hale Barns, Cheshire the Housekeeper is responsible for ensuring that resident suites and communal areas are kept clean, tidy and presentable at all times as per company standards. Key duties and responsibilities of this role include:  Responsible for cleaning all common areas.  Responsible for weekly cleaning of resident rooms and bathrooms.  Check the housekeeping cart to ensure all appropriate supplies are available  Stock the housekeeping cart at the end of shift  Wash, dry and press resident bed linen Candidates for this vacancy must:  Possess effective written and verbal communication skills  Exhibit a caring and compassionate attitude while articulating true concern for people  Be able to make responsible choices and decisions, and act in the resident's best interest  Effective time keeping and time management Working on an adhoc, bank basis this position offers a rate of **** per hour along with additional benefits including pension plan and life assurance. To be considered for this vacancy please click 'Apply Now' and forward a copy of your CV. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/Housekeeper_job****" "['housekeeper', 'hale', 'barns', 'cheshire', 'hour', 'benefits', 'hours', 'bank', 'hours', 'part', 'prestigious', 'hale', 'barns', 'cheshire', 'housekeeper', 'responsible', 'ensuring', 'resident', 'suites', 'communal', 'areas', 'clean', 'tidy', 'presentable', 'times', 'standards', 'key', 'duties', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'responsible', 'cleaning', 'common', 'areas', 'responsible', 'weekly', 'cleaning', 'resident', 'rooms', 'bathrooms', 'check', 'housekeeping', 'cart', 'supplies', 'stock', 'housekeeping', 'cart', 'end', 'shift', 'wash', 'dry', 'press', 'resident', 'bed', 'candidates', 'vacancy', 'possess', 'effective', 'written', 'verbal', 'communication', 'exhibit', 'caring', 'compassionate', 'attitude', 'articulating', 'true', 'concern', 'people', 'make', 'responsible', 'choices', 'decisions', 'act', ""resident's"", 'interest', 'effective', 'time', 'keeping', 'time', 'adhoc', 'bank', 'basis', 'offers', 'rate', 'hour', 'additional', 'benefits', 'pension', 'plan', 'life', 'assurance', 'considered', 'vacancy', 'click', 'forward', 'copy', 'cv', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking', 'housekeeper']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Configuration Engineer
Webindex: 71443055
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction An exciting opportunity has arisen for a configuration engineer to work for a major defence contractor Important Experience within a similar role The Job We are currently recruiting for a Configuration Engineer/Senior Configuration Engineer. The postholder will be based initially at the Submarine Support Management Group (SSMG) in Keynsham, Bristol. The Submarine Support Management Group (SSMG) Design Services Group (DSG) provides professional and technical support to the MoD submarine platform Design Authorities for all inservice Royal Navy submarines. The SSMG are seeking a selfmotivated individual who will provide engineering and configuration management support for the Submarine Flotilla. The successful candidate will be responsible for screening authoritative submarine engineering change documentation, carrying out investigations, providing technical advice/support to other Engineers and undertaking updates to the master configuration database (the Submarine Definition Database ). The post holder will be required to work with minimal supervision and may be required to undertake periodic visits to operational submarines based at Devonport and Clyde. If recruited at Senior Engineer level the post holder will be required to deputise for the Team leader during periods of absence, providing supervision of the Engineers in the team. To be successful in this role, you will need to have: HNC or equivalent in an engineering or scientific discipline Experience in Submarine, Dockyard and/or MoD working practices Sound working knowledge of Submarine Platform, NSRP, WHLS and Combat Systems Submarine Combat and Platform Systems Computer literate with good word processing skills The following experience is also advantageous although not essential: An understanding of Submarine Engineering Documentation An appreciation of the use of UMMS In return, we offer a competitive salary, company amp; group wide profit share bonus scheme, subsidised gym/sports membership, payment of institution membership fees, company pension scheme, 25 days holiday and more. A relocation allowance is available where applicable. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00126.txt " Configuration Engineer" " 71443055" " Matchtech Group plc." " Introduction An exciting opportunity has arisen for a configuration engineer to work for a major defence contractor Important Experience within a similar role The Job We are currently recruiting for a Configuration Engineer/Senior Configuration Engineer. The postholder will be based initially at the Submarine Support Management Group (SSMG) in Keynsham, Bristol. The Submarine Support Management Group (SSMG) Design Services Group (DSG) provides professional and technical support to the MoD submarine platform Design Authorities for all inservice Royal Navy submarines. The SSMG are seeking a selfmotivated individual who will provide engineering and configuration management support for the Submarine Flotilla. The successful candidate will be responsible for screening authoritative submarine engineering change documentation, carrying out investigations, providing technical advice/support to other Engineers and undertaking updates to the master configuration database (the Submarine Definition Database ). The post holder will be required to work with minimal supervision and may be required to undertake periodic visits to operational submarines based at Devonport and Clyde. If recruited at Senior Engineer level the post holder will be required to deputise for the Team leader during periods of absence, providing supervision of the Engineers in the team. To be successful in this role, you will need to have: HNC or equivalent in an engineering or scientific discipline Experience in Submarine, Dockyard and/or MoD working practices Sound working knowledge of Submarine Platform, NSRP, WHLS and Combat Systems Submarine Combat and Platform Systems Computer literate with good word processing skills The following experience is also advantageous although not essential: An understanding of Submarine Engineering Documentation An appreciation of the use of UMMS In return, we offer a competitive salary, company amp; group wide profit share bonus scheme, subsidised gym/sports membership, payment of institution membership fees, company pension scheme, 25 days holiday and more. A relocation allowance is available where applicable. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK" "['introduction', 'exciting', 'arisen', 'configuration', 'major', 'defence', 'contractor', 'important', 'similar', 'recruiting', 'configuration', 'senior', 'configuration', 'postholder', 'initially', 'submarine', 'group', 'ssmg', 'keynsham', 'bristol', 'submarine', 'group', 'ssmg', 'group', 'professional', 'technical', 'mod', 'submarine', 'platform', 'authorities', 'inservice', 'royal', 'navy', 'submarines', 'ssmg', 'seeking', 'selfmotivated', 'individual', 'configuration', 'submarine', 'flotilla', 'responsible', 'screening', 'submarine', 'change', 'documentation', 'carrying', 'investigations', 'providing', 'technical', 'advice', 'engineers', 'undertaking', 'updates', 'master', 'configuration', 'database', 'submarine', 'definition', 'database', 'post', 'holder', 'minimal', 'supervision', 'undertake', 'periodic', 'visits', 'operational', 'submarines', 'senior', 'level', 'post', 'holder', 'deputise', 'leader', 'periods', 'absence', 'providing', 'supervision', 'engineers', 'hnc', 'equivalent', 'scientific', 'discipline', 'submarine', 'dockyard', 'mod', 'practices', 'sound', 'submarine', 'platform', 'combat', 'submarine', 'combat', 'platform', 'computer', 'literate', 'word', 'processing', 'advantageous', 'essential', 'understanding', 'submarine', 'documentation', 'appreciation', 'return', 'offer', 'competitive', 'amp', 'group', 'wide', 'profit', 'share', 'bonus', 'scheme', 'subsidised', 'gym', 'sports', 'membership', 'payment', 'institution', 'membership', 'fees', 'pension', 'scheme', 'days', 'holiday', 'relocation', 'allowance', 'applicable', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'live']" Engineering
"Title: Commercial Sales Executive, Bristol, Motor Trade
Webindex: 69056135
Company: Perfect Placement
Description: Automotive, Motor Trade Job, Commercial Sales Executive Required in Bristol Salary  ****K Basic, ****K OTE Per Annum Term Full Time, Permanent Motor Trade Jobs/Automotive Vacancies Automotive Light Commercial Vehicle Sales Executive Required in Bristol. Our Client is currently looking to recruit an experienced and professional Light Commercial Vehicle Sales Executive for their extremely busy branch. You must have a previous working experience as a Commercial Vehicle Sales person within a Commercial Dealer. The main driving force for the success of the company, a vital factor in the development and growth in the company, you will have the responsibility of maintaining and developing existing accounts and also generating and sustaining new vehicle sales. You will develop positive relationships with customers and manufacturers and have an innate passion for the product being sold. If you are an experienced, highly motivated and enthusiastic individual looking for a challenging yet rewarding career this could be the perfect career move for you. You will have a proven track record in commercial vehicle sales and a knowledge of the local and national marketplace. A strong deal closer, you will have excellent communication skills, with the ability to drive sales forward. Basic  Bonus OTE **** Due to the high volume of applications received we will only contact you if your skill set and experience match the very specific criteria as set out by out Client. To apply please send your CV to James Gilchrist Stating Commercial Sales Bristol, Job Ref: J**** Follow us on Twitter http://twitter.com/MotorTradeJobs Perfect Placement UK Ltd is an employment agency acting as such under the Employment Act **** and Employment Agencies Act **** Copyright  Perfect Placement UK Limited 2010. The reproduction, transmission or other use of all or any part of this advert to or in any media, without Perfect Placement UK Limited's prior written permission is prohibited and may result in criminal or civil actions." 3 data/Sales\Job_00681.txt " Commercial Sales Executive, Bristol, Motor Trade" " 69056135" " Perfect Placement" " Automotive, Motor Trade Job, Commercial Sales Executive Required in Bristol Salary  ****K Basic, ****K OTE Per Annum Term Full Time, Permanent Motor Trade Jobs/Automotive Vacancies Automotive Light Commercial Vehicle Sales Executive Required in Bristol. Our Client is currently looking to recruit an experienced and professional Light Commercial Vehicle Sales Executive for their extremely busy branch. You must have a previous working experience as a Commercial Vehicle Sales person within a Commercial Dealer. The main driving force for the success of the company, a vital factor in the development and growth in the company, you will have the responsibility of maintaining and developing existing accounts and also generating and sustaining new vehicle sales. You will develop positive relationships with customers and manufacturers and have an innate passion for the product being sold. If you are an experienced, highly motivated and enthusiastic individual looking for a challenging yet rewarding career this could be the perfect career move for you. You will have a proven track record in commercial vehicle sales and a knowledge of the local and national marketplace. A strong deal closer, you will have excellent communication skills, with the ability to drive sales forward. Basic  Bonus OTE **** Due to the high volume of applications received we will only contact you if your skill set and experience match the very specific criteria as set out by out Client. To apply please send your CV to James Gilchrist Stating Commercial Sales Bristol, Job Ref: J**** Follow us on Twitter http://twitter.com/MotorTradeJobs Perfect Placement UK Ltd is an employment agency acting as such under the Employment Act **** and Employment Agencies Act **** Copyright  Perfect Placement UK Limited 2010. The reproduction, transmission or other use of all or any part of this advert to or in any media, without Perfect Placement UK Limited's prior written permission is prohibited and may result in criminal or civil actions." "['automotive', 'motor', 'trade', 'commercial', 'executive', 'bristol', 'basic', 'ote', 'annum', 'term', 'time', 'permanent', 'motor', 'trade', 'jobs', 'automotive', 'vacancies', 'automotive', 'light', 'commercial', 'vehicle', 'executive', 'bristol', 'recruit', 'experienced', 'professional', 'light', 'commercial', 'vehicle', 'executive', 'extremely', 'busy', 'branch', 'previous', 'commercial', 'vehicle', 'person', 'commercial', 'dealer', 'main', 'driving', 'force', 'success', 'vital', 'factor', 'growth', 'responsibility', 'maintaining', 'developing', 'existing', 'accounts', 'generating', 'sustaining', 'vehicle', 'develop', 'positive', 'relationships', 'customers', 'manufacturers', 'passion', 'product', 'sold', 'experienced', 'highly', 'motivated', 'enthusiastic', 'individual', 'challenging', 'rewarding', 'career', 'perfect', 'career', 'move', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'commercial', 'vehicle', 'local', 'national', 'marketplace', 'deal', 'closer', 'communication', 'drive', 'forward', 'basic', 'bonus', 'ote', 'due', 'volume', 'applications', 'received', 'contact', 'skill', 'set', 'match', 'specific', 'criteria', 'set', 'send', 'cv', 'james', 'stating', 'commercial', 'bristol', 'ref', 'follow', 'twitter', 'http', 'twitter', 'perfect', 'placement', 'employment', 'agency', 'acting', 'employment', 'act', 'employment', 'agencies', 'act', 'copyright', 'perfect', 'placement', 'limited', 'transmission', 'part', 'advert', 'media', 'perfect', 'placement', 'prior', 'written', 'permission', 'result', 'criminal', 'civil', 'actions']" Sales
"Title: Peripatetic Home Manage  kent  Maidstone
Webindex: 71803856
Company: Populus Healthcare
Description: Peripatetic Home Manager  Kent  ****K  Package I am looking for an experienced Peripatetic Home Manager/Crisis Manager with an RGN qualification to join major care home provider. Your role will be to troubleshoot, improve and temporarily manage care homes that have been recently purchased across the South East of England. Taking control of various care homes on an ad hoc basis you will ensure any problems relating to failing homes are rectified and homes turned around to the highest possible CQC standard. You will also ensure that all service users are given the highest nursing and care standards possible and you will manage all aspects of individualised care. You will monitor and improve the physical aspects of the home including being involved with any renovations that are required. You will select and appoint any new staff or implement any new training. You will also be involved with improving the marketing of the home and you will also be required to develop an upturn in the homes finances during your time there. This is a vitally important role not only to the organisation but also for the ongoing care of the service users. Our client is extremely keen to implement the highest possible standards of care to all users, therefore, you must have proven experience of obtaining good CQC reports. If you are looking for a senior management role that will provide you with an opportunity to make a massive difference to people in the twilight of their lives then apply now for instant response. For more information or to apply please contact Steph on **** **** **** or email your CV to steph.h.a****lgi****kvgncpopulusconsultants.aptrack.co" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00593.txt " Peripatetic Home Manage  kent  Maidstone" " 71803856" " Populus Healthcare" " Peripatetic Home Manager  Kent  ****K  Package I am looking for an experienced Peripatetic Home Manager/Crisis Manager with an RGN qualification to join major care home provider. Your role will be to troubleshoot, improve and temporarily manage care homes that have been recently purchased across the South East of England. Taking control of various care homes on an ad hoc basis you will ensure any problems relating to failing homes are rectified and homes turned around to the highest possible CQC standard. You will also ensure that all service users are given the highest nursing and care standards possible and you will manage all aspects of individualised care. You will monitor and improve the physical aspects of the home including being involved with any renovations that are required. You will select and appoint any new staff or implement any new training. You will also be involved with improving the marketing of the home and you will also be required to develop an upturn in the homes finances during your time there. This is a vitally important role not only to the organisation but also for the ongoing care of the service users. Our client is extremely keen to implement the highest possible standards of care to all users, therefore, you must have proven experience of obtaining good CQC reports. If you are looking for a senior management role that will provide you with an opportunity to make a massive difference to people in the twilight of their lives then apply now for instant response. For more information or to apply please contact Steph on **** **** **** or email your CV to steph.h.a****lgi****kvgncpopulusconsultants.aptrack.co" "['peripatetic', 'kent', 'package', 'experienced', 'peripatetic', 'crisis', 'rgn', 'qualification', 'major', 'provider', 'troubleshoot', 'improve', 'temporarily', 'manage', 'homes', 'recently', 'south', 'east', 'england', 'taking', 'control', 'homes', 'ad', 'hoc', 'basis', 'problems', 'relating', 'failing', 'homes', 'homes', 'highest', 'cqc', 'standard', 'users', 'highest', 'nursing', 'standards', 'manage', 'aspects', 'individualised', 'monitor', 'improve', 'physical', 'aspects', 'involved', 'select', 'appoint', 'implement', 'involved', 'improving', 'marketing', 'develop', 'homes', 'finances', 'time', 'vitally', 'important', 'organisation', 'ongoing', 'users', 'extremely', 'keen', 'implement', 'highest', 'standards', 'users', 'proven', 'obtaining', 'cqc', 'reports', 'senior', 'make', 'massive', 'difference', 'people', 'lives', 'instant', 'response', 'information', 'contact', 'steph', 'email', 'cv', 'steph', 'lgi', 'aptrack']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Press Toolmaker
Webindex: 70218883
Company: Spence Precision
Description: We are looking for a good calibre Press Tool Maker with vast experience  ****  **** per hour on Night shift with lots of overtime plus benefits  Wolverhampton As a Press Toolmaker your responsibilities will include: Building and developing new press tools single and tandem stage, feeding back into designs to update and improve technical drawings and documentation. Producing new tools, repairs and maintenance to predetermined standard times and estimates. Strip and rebuild of tools for maintenance / repair and regrind. Efficient release of rework tooling required by setters and operators for machine setting. Manufacture of spare parts to ensure stock levels are maintained. Provide tool maintenance service. Fully converse on single stage, draw tooling for the automotive industry. Competent selection of correct grinding wheels, Lathe tips and other tools. Die polishing and rerefurbishment. Carry out engineering design tasks using CAD Competent operations of Lathes, Millers, Grinders, and Presses. Work within tolerances described on individual drawings. Care of and accurate use of measuring equipment. Accurate and consistent use of shadowgraph projector. Competent with all tool room duties. Maintain a safe working environment and comply with the Company s H . .  I was an Engineer for many years and became sick and tired of recruitment agencies wasting my time calling me t suited to, so with my engineering background/experience I decided to set up my own engineering recruitment company only specialising in what I know I wouldn t waste your time so will only call you OR send you to interview if you re 100% suited to that vacancy, Regards Stephen Spence  Do you know of anyone who is either unhappy with their job OR just looking for a change??? If so we offer a recommend a friend/Work colleague scheme If you recommend someone and we find them a job you get **** paid straight into your back account (Recommend just **** people and get ****)  We also recruit for  Maintenance Engineers, Production Engineers, Design Engineers, Maintenance Electricians, Quality (Managers, Engineers, Inspector s), Sales Engineer, CNC, CMM, Grinders, CAD CAM, Press Tool Designers, Press Tool Makers, Manual Turners/Millers, EDM, Welders, Universal Grinders, NTD Inspectors, Machine Tool Fitters, Bench Joiners, Management . Add me on Facebook for all my latest vacancies Stephen Eng Spence" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00199.txt " Press Toolmaker" " 70218883" " Spence Precision" " We are looking for a good calibre Press Tool Maker with vast experience  ****  **** per hour on Night shift with lots of overtime plus benefits  Wolverhampton As a Press Toolmaker your responsibilities will include: Building and developing new press tools single and tandem stage, feeding back into designs to update and improve technical drawings and documentation. Producing new tools, repairs and maintenance to predetermined standard times and estimates. Strip and rebuild of tools for maintenance / repair and regrind. Efficient release of rework tooling required by setters and operators for machine setting. Manufacture of spare parts to ensure stock levels are maintained. Provide tool maintenance service. Fully converse on single stage, draw tooling for the automotive industry. Competent selection of correct grinding wheels, Lathe tips and other tools. Die polishing and rerefurbishment. Carry out engineering design tasks using CAD Competent operations of Lathes, Millers, Grinders, and Presses. Work within tolerances described on individual drawings. Care of and accurate use of measuring equipment. Accurate and consistent use of shadowgraph projector. Competent with all tool room duties. Maintain a safe working environment and comply with the Company s H . .  I was an Engineer for many years and became sick and tired of recruitment agencies wasting my time calling me t suited to, so with my engineering background/experience I decided to set up my own engineering recruitment company only specialising in what I know I wouldn t waste your time so will only call you OR send you to interview if you re 100% suited to that vacancy, Regards Stephen Spence  Do you know of anyone who is either unhappy with their job OR just looking for a change??? If so we offer a recommend a friend/Work colleague scheme If you recommend someone and we find them a job you get **** paid straight into your back account (Recommend just **** people and get ****)  We also recruit for  Maintenance Engineers, Production Engineers, Design Engineers, Maintenance Electricians, Quality (Managers, Engineers, Inspector s), Sales Engineer, CNC, CMM, Grinders, CAD CAM, Press Tool Designers, Press Tool Makers, Manual Turners/Millers, EDM, Welders, Universal Grinders, NTD Inspectors, Machine Tool Fitters, Bench Joiners, Management . Add me on Facebook for all my latest vacancies Stephen Eng Spence" "['calibre', 'press', 'tool', 'vast', 'hour', 'night', 'shift', 'lots', 'overtime', 'benefits', 'wolverhampton', 'press', 'toolmaker', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'building', 'developing', 'press', 'tools', 'single', 'stage', 'feeding', 'back', 'designs', 'update', 'improve', 'technical', 'drawings', 'documentation', 'producing', 'tools', 'repairs', 'maintenance', 'standard', 'times', 'estimates', 'rebuild', 'tools', 'maintenance', 'repair', 'efficient', 'release', 'rework', 'tooling', 'operators', 'machine', 'setting', 'manufacture', 'spare', 'parts', 'stock', 'levels', 'maintained', 'tool', 'maintenance', 'fully', 'single', 'stage', 'draw', 'tooling', 'automotive', 'industry', 'competent', 'selection', 'correct', 'grinding', 'lathe', 'tools', 'carry', 'tasks', 'cad', 'competent', 'operations', 'lathes', 'millers', 'grinders', 'tolerances', 'individual', 'drawings', 'accurate', 'measuring', 'equipment', 'accurate', 'consistent', 'competent', 'tool', 'room', 'duties', 'maintain', 'safe', 'environment', 'comply', 'years', 'sick', 'tired', 'agencies', 'time', 'calling', 'suited', 'background', 'decided', 'set', 'specialising', 'waste', 'time', 'call', 'send', 'interview', 'suited', 'vacancy', 'stephen', 'spence', 'change', 'offer', 'recommend', 'friend', 'colleague', 'scheme', 'recommend', 'find', 'paid', 'straight', 'back', 'account', 'recommend', 'people', 'recruit', 'maintenance', 'engineers', 'production', 'engineers', 'engineers', 'maintenance', 'electricians', 'quality', 'managers', 'engineers', 'inspector', 'cnc', 'cmm', 'grinders', 'cad', 'cam', 'press', 'tool', 'designers', 'press', 'tool', 'makers', 'manual', 'millers', 'edm', 'welders', 'grinders', 'inspectors', 'machine', 'tool', 'fitters', 'bench', 'add', 'facebook', 'latest', 'vacancies', 'stephen', 'spence']" Engineering
"Title: Entertainment Sales Coordinator
Webindex: 68182091
Company: Alive Network Ltd
Description: Rare opportunity to work in a unique, exciting, live entertainment booking company with a fantastic team and an amazing office environment. This is an office based, inbound sales/customer service role that s dynamic and fast paced. The position offered is for **** year of maternity cover but there is a good probability of a permanent position being offered at the end of this time. Day to day you ll be processing enquiries from oneoff newbies booking entertainment for their weddings through to industry leading events organisers booking entertainment for high profile corporate events. A background in events is useful but not essential as training will be provided. The ideal candidate will be personable, articulate and highly motivated with excellent communication and sales skills. KEY AREAS OF RESPONSIBILITY:  To process inbound enquiries from clients wishing to hire entertainment for their events and converting them into bookings.  Over achieving your sales targets.  Helping clients locate the ideal entertainment from our roster of artists and offering advice to ensure smooth running of the entertainment at their event.  Liaising with artists to secure quotes, confirm bookings and relay booking information and customer requests.  Issuing contracts, invoices and organizing all correspondence via our administration system.  Offering ongoing customer support to our clients and artists.  Developing strong relationships with key clients and nurturing future business potential.  Promoting and developing excellent relations with our artists. EXPERIENCE / COMPETANCIES REQUIRED:  All candidates must be able to evidence previous experience and success in sales.  Strong knowledge of sales techniques and customer service.  Excellent phone manner communication skills, inc first class written communication.  Ability to communicate confidently and articulately with customers at all levels.  Positive, friendly, patient personality with a nothing is too much trouble attitude.  Logical and practical approach to problem solving.  Excellent organisation time management skills, with proven track record of working quickly and effectively under pressure.  Enthusiasm, motivation, initiative and personal drive.  Excellent grasp of computers, the internet and basic IT  with ability to learn new systems quickly.  Reasonable knowledge of music across a wide range of genres." 3 data/Sales\Job_00692.txt " Entertainment Sales Coordinator" " 68182091" " Alive Network Ltd" " Rare opportunity to work in a unique, exciting, live entertainment booking company with a fantastic team and an amazing office environment. This is an office based, inbound sales/customer service role that s dynamic and fast paced. The position offered is for **** year of maternity cover but there is a good probability of a permanent position being offered at the end of this time. Day to day you ll be processing enquiries from oneoff newbies booking entertainment for their weddings through to industry leading events organisers booking entertainment for high profile corporate events. A background in events is useful but not essential as training will be provided. The ideal candidate will be personable, articulate and highly motivated with excellent communication and sales skills. KEY AREAS OF RESPONSIBILITY:  To process inbound enquiries from clients wishing to hire entertainment for their events and converting them into bookings.  Over achieving your sales targets.  Helping clients locate the ideal entertainment from our roster of artists and offering advice to ensure smooth running of the entertainment at their event.  Liaising with artists to secure quotes, confirm bookings and relay booking information and customer requests.  Issuing contracts, invoices and organizing all correspondence via our administration system.  Offering ongoing customer support to our clients and artists.  Developing strong relationships with key clients and nurturing future business potential.  Promoting and developing excellent relations with our artists. EXPERIENCE / COMPETANCIES REQUIRED:  All candidates must be able to evidence previous experience and success in sales.  Strong knowledge of sales techniques and customer service.  Excellent phone manner communication skills, inc first class written communication.  Ability to communicate confidently and articulately with customers at all levels.  Positive, friendly, patient personality with a nothing is too much trouble attitude.  Logical and practical approach to problem solving.  Excellent organisation time management skills, with proven track record of working quickly and effectively under pressure.  Enthusiasm, motivation, initiative and personal drive.  Excellent grasp of computers, the internet and basic IT  with ability to learn new systems quickly.  Reasonable knowledge of music across a wide range of genres." "['rare', 'unique', 'exciting', 'live', 'entertainment', 'booking', 'fantastic', 'amazing', 'office', 'environment', 'office', 'inbound', 'dynamic', 'fast', 'paced', 'offered', 'year', 'maternity', 'cover', 'probability', 'permanent', 'offered', 'end', 'time', 'day', 'day', 'll', 'processing', 'enquiries', 'oneoff', 'booking', 'entertainment', 'industry', 'events', 'booking', 'entertainment', 'profile', 'corporate', 'events', 'background', 'events', 'essential', 'provided', 'ideal', 'personable', 'articulate', 'highly', 'motivated', 'communication', 'key', 'areas', 'responsibility', 'process', 'inbound', 'enquiries', 'hire', 'entertainment', 'events', 'converting', 'bookings', 'achieving', 'targets', 'helping', 'locate', 'ideal', 'entertainment', 'artists', 'offering', 'advice', 'smooth', 'running', 'entertainment', 'event', 'liaising', 'artists', 'secure', 'quotes', 'confirm', 'bookings', 'relay', 'booking', 'information', 'requests', 'issuing', 'contracts', 'invoices', 'organizing', 'correspondence', 'administration', 'system', 'offering', 'ongoing', 'artists', 'developing', 'relationships', 'key', 'nurturing', 'future', 'potential', 'promoting', 'developing', 'relations', 'artists', 'candidates', 'evidence', 'previous', 'success', 'techniques', 'phone', 'manner', 'communication', 'class', 'written', 'communication', 'communicate', 'confidently', 'customers', 'levels', 'positive', 'friendly', 'patient', 'personality', 'attitude', 'logical', 'practical', 'approach', 'problem', 'solving', 'organisation', 'time', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'quickly', 'effectively', 'pressure', 'enthusiasm', 'motivation', 'initiative', 'personal', 'drive', 'grasp', 'internet', 'basic', 'learn', 'quickly', 'reasonable', 'music', 'wide', 'range']" Sales
"Title: Locum Physiotherapist
Webindex: 72339917
Company: Evergood Associates
Description: Evergood Associates have an excellent opportunity for a Qualifeid Locum Physiotherapist to work in a community setting in the East Sussex area. The successful Physiotherapist will be based in the rehabilitation team. Car drivers are essential and the position is to start immediately and is for 3 months initially. Evergood Associates supply to all areas of Physiotherapy, including social services, mental health, primary care and paediatrics. These jobs are accessible in NHS and private sectors; in settings such as hospitals, community centres and schools. If you are looking for a locum position as an Physiotherapist or any other discipline within Physiotherapy, please call us Evergood Associates offer unbeatable benefits package, including Market leading pay rates Free CRB Check 24 hour service from our friendly consultants Weekly paid  on time, every time Nationwide job opportunities If you are aware of a friend or colleague that maybe interested in this vacancy or available to work please contact us to pass on their details and receive a **** Evergood referral bonus. For more information on this role and many other Physiotherapy Jobs please contact our Physio team" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00564.txt " Locum Physiotherapist" " 72339917" " Evergood Associates" " Evergood Associates have an excellent opportunity for a Qualifeid Locum Physiotherapist to work in a community setting in the East Sussex area. The successful Physiotherapist will be based in the rehabilitation team. Car drivers are essential and the position is to start immediately and is for 3 months initially. Evergood Associates supply to all areas of Physiotherapy, including social services, mental health, primary care and paediatrics. These jobs are accessible in NHS and private sectors; in settings such as hospitals, community centres and schools. If you are looking for a locum position as an Physiotherapist or any other discipline within Physiotherapy, please call us Evergood Associates offer unbeatable benefits package, including Market leading pay rates Free CRB Check 24 hour service from our friendly consultants Weekly paid  on time, every time Nationwide job opportunities If you are aware of a friend or colleague that maybe interested in this vacancy or available to work please contact us to pass on their details and receive a **** Evergood referral bonus. For more information on this role and many other Physiotherapy Jobs please contact our Physio team" "['evergood', 'associates', 'qualifeid', 'locum', 'physiotherapist', 'community', 'setting', 'east', 'sussex', 'area', 'physiotherapist', 'rehabilitation', 'car', 'drivers', 'essential', 'start', 'immediately', 'months', 'initially', 'evergood', 'associates', 'supply', 'areas', 'physiotherapy', 'social', 'mental', 'health', 'primary', 'jobs', 'accessible', 'nhs', 'private', 'sectors', 'settings', 'hospitals', 'community', 'centres', 'schools', 'locum', 'physiotherapist', 'discipline', 'physiotherapy', 'call', 'evergood', 'associates', 'offer', 'unbeatable', 'benefits', 'package', 'market', 'pay', 'rates', 'free', 'crb', 'check', 'hour', 'friendly', 'consultants', 'weekly', 'paid', 'time', 'time', 'nationwide', 'opportunities', 'aware', 'friend', 'colleague', 'interested', 'vacancy', 'contact', 'pass', 'details', 'receive', 'evergood', 'referral', 'bonus', 'information', 'physiotherapy', 'jobs', 'contact', 'physio']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Gastro Intestinal Physiologist
Webindex: 66952130
Description: We have permission from the Client to advertise for this role. Bluestones Medical takes a fair and honest approach to our recruitment methods. Our approachable and friendly attitude ensures that you always know where you stand with our pay rates, availability of work and future prospects. We are a proactive placement agency that works hard to help create the right locum/permanent opportunities by promoting your skill set and availability directly to our existing and new clients. We work honestly and transparently in regards to our charge rates and pay rates. Many agencies charge ****  **** per hour in commission on top of your pay rate to hospitals which makes using agencies an expensive option for many hospitals. This can also reduce the amount of work available to you. In order to ensure that you are receiving the best pay rate and to help create more opportunities, Bluestones Medical only ever look for a maximum of **** per hour commission. This creates a competitive charge rate for the hospitals, but also means that we can offer you more attractive pay rates What we offer:  Fast weekly pay  We don't pressure to use particular umbrella/payroll companies  The best honest pay rates we can deliver  Dedicated consultants with excellent medical recruitment experience  A quick and easy registration process  Dedicated compliance officer  Free Mandatory Training  Online Training Portal  We release all documentation to you free of charge (training certificates, CRB's etc)  **** recommend a friend bonus  A honest opinion and trusted advice If you are interested in registering then please get in touch to hear what work we have available. If we don't have work to suit you, we will be honest, and proactively market your skill set to create suitable placements." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00591.txt " Gastro Intestinal Physiologist" " 66952130"  " We have permission from the Client to advertise for this role. Bluestones Medical takes a fair and honest approach to our recruitment methods. Our approachable and friendly attitude ensures that you always know where you stand with our pay rates, availability of work and future prospects. We are a proactive placement agency that works hard to help create the right locum/permanent opportunities by promoting your skill set and availability directly to our existing and new clients. We work honestly and transparently in regards to our charge rates and pay rates. Many agencies charge ****  **** per hour in commission on top of your pay rate to hospitals which makes using agencies an expensive option for many hospitals. This can also reduce the amount of work available to you. In order to ensure that you are receiving the best pay rate and to help create more opportunities, Bluestones Medical only ever look for a maximum of **** per hour commission. This creates a competitive charge rate for the hospitals, but also means that we can offer you more attractive pay rates What we offer:  Fast weekly pay  We don't pressure to use particular umbrella/payroll companies  The best honest pay rates we can deliver  Dedicated consultants with excellent medical recruitment experience  A quick and easy registration process  Dedicated compliance officer  Free Mandatory Training  Online Training Portal  We release all documentation to you free of charge (training certificates, CRB's etc)  **** recommend a friend bonus  A honest opinion and trusted advice If you are interested in registering then please get in touch to hear what work we have available. If we don't have work to suit you, we will be honest, and proactively market your skill set to create suitable placements." "['permission', 'advertise', 'bluestones', 'medical', 'takes', 'fair', 'honest', 'approach', 'methods', 'approachable', 'friendly', 'attitude', 'ensures', 'stand', 'pay', 'rates', 'availability', 'future', 'prospects', 'proactive', 'placement', 'agency', 'works', 'hard', 'create', 'locum', 'permanent', 'opportunities', 'promoting', 'skill', 'set', 'availability', 'directly', 'existing', 'honestly', 'charge', 'rates', 'pay', 'rates', 'agencies', 'charge', 'hour', 'commission', 'top', 'pay', 'rate', 'hospitals', 'makes', 'agencies', 'option', 'hospitals', 'reduce', 'amount', 'order', 'receiving', 'pay', 'rate', 'create', 'opportunities', 'bluestones', 'medical', 'maximum', 'hour', 'commission', 'competitive', 'charge', 'rate', 'hospitals', 'means', 'offer', 'attractive', 'pay', 'rates', 'offer', 'fast', 'weekly', 'pay', 'pressure', 'umbrella', 'payroll', 'companies', 'honest', 'pay', 'rates', 'deliver', 'dedicated', 'consultants', 'medical', 'quick', 'easy', 'registration', 'process', 'dedicated', 'compliance', 'officer', 'free', 'mandatory', 'online', 'portal', 'release', 'documentation', 'free', 'charge', 'certificates', 'recommend', 'friend', 'bonus', 'honest', 'opinion', 'trusted', 'advice', 'interested', 'registering', 'touch', 'hear', 'suit', 'honest', 'proactively', 'market', 'skill', 'set', 'create', 'suitable', 'placements']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Internal Sales Engineer (Power Transmissions)
Webindex: 71369684
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment
Description: Internal Sales Engineer (Power Transmissions) ****  ****  benefits package Scunthorpe, Lincolnshire Are you an Internal Sales Engineer, with experience of power transmission applications, looking for a fully autonomous role offering training and development? On offer is a varied role within this rapidly growing company, who have a high retention of loyal employees. This engineering company have increased turnover by 50% in the last 2 years. This role will suit an Internal Sales Engineer looking for a challenging role. The Role Process Enquiries Offer Quotations Interpret Engineering drawings to determine customer s requirements The Person Mechanical engineering background Has internal sales experience or similar  Power Transmissions experience Internal Sales Engineer (Power Transmissions), Scunthorpe, Lincolnshire, Hydraulics, gears, mechanical Please send all CVs and applications" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00112.txt " Internal Sales Engineer (Power Transmissions)" " 71369684" " Rise Technical Recruitment" " Internal Sales Engineer (Power Transmissions) ****  ****  benefits package Scunthorpe, Lincolnshire Are you an Internal Sales Engineer, with experience of power transmission applications, looking for a fully autonomous role offering training and development? On offer is a varied role within this rapidly growing company, who have a high retention of loyal employees. This engineering company have increased turnover by 50% in the last 2 years. This role will suit an Internal Sales Engineer looking for a challenging role. The Role Process Enquiries Offer Quotations Interpret Engineering drawings to determine customer s requirements The Person Mechanical engineering background Has internal sales experience or similar  Power Transmissions experience Internal Sales Engineer (Power Transmissions), Scunthorpe, Lincolnshire, Hydraulics, gears, mechanical Please send all CVs and applications" "['internal', 'power', 'transmissions', 'benefits', 'package', 'scunthorpe', 'lincolnshire', 'internal', 'power', 'transmission', 'applications', 'fully', 'autonomous', 'offering', 'offer', 'varied', 'rapidly', 'growing', 'retention', 'loyal', 'employees', 'increased', 'turnover', 'years', 'suit', 'internal', 'challenging', 'process', 'enquiries', 'offer', 'quotations', 'interpret', 'drawings', 'determine', 'requirements', 'person', 'mechanical', 'background', 'internal', 'similar', 'power', 'transmissions', 'internal', 'power', 'transmissions', 'scunthorpe', 'lincolnshire', 'hydraulics', 'mechanical', 'send', 'cvs', 'applications']" Engineering
"Title: Risk Management Analyst
Webindex: 66887701
Company: Calibre Candidates
Description: This is a great opportunity for a candidate with specialist Risk experience to join a large Financial Services Company acting as a Company Expert on risk issues. This is a prestigious client offering candidates excellent scope for future career development. The successful candidate will be responsible for identifying and implementing best practice , rolling out a Risk Management Toolkit across the business, maintaining accurate risk assessments and registers, ensuring key controls are maintained by implementing a related monitoring programme, identifying and estimating qualitative and quantitative risks affecting business and providing support and training to individuals and groups on risk issues. We are looking for a degree level educated candidate with solid experience in a specialist Risk Management role, gained within the Financial Services industry. If you have this relevant experience and are looking for your next career move, we look forward to receiving your CV" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00377.txt " Risk Management Analyst" " 66887701" " Calibre Candidates" " This is a great opportunity for a candidate with specialist Risk experience to join a large Financial Services Company acting as a Company Expert on risk issues. This is a prestigious client offering candidates excellent scope for future career development. The successful candidate will be responsible for identifying and implementing best practice , rolling out a Risk Management Toolkit across the business, maintaining accurate risk assessments and registers, ensuring key controls are maintained by implementing a related monitoring programme, identifying and estimating qualitative and quantitative risks affecting business and providing support and training to individuals and groups on risk issues. We are looking for a degree level educated candidate with solid experience in a specialist Risk Management role, gained within the Financial Services industry. If you have this relevant experience and are looking for your next career move, we look forward to receiving your CV" "['great', 'specialist', 'risk', 'large', 'acting', 'expert', 'risk', 'issues', 'prestigious', 'offering', 'candidates', 'scope', 'future', 'career', 'responsible', 'identifying', 'implementing', 'practice', 'rolling', 'risk', 'toolkit', 'maintaining', 'accurate', 'risk', 'assessments', 'registers', 'ensuring', 'key', 'controls', 'maintained', 'implementing', 'related', 'monitoring', 'programme', 'identifying', 'estimating', 'qualitative', 'quantitative', 'risks', 'affecting', 'providing', 'individuals', 'groups', 'risk', 'issues', 'degree', 'level', 'educated', 'solid', 'specialist', 'risk', 'gained', 'industry', 'relevant', 'career', 'move', 'forward', 'receiving', 'cv']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Commercial Catering Field Engineer
Webindex: 69079190
Company: Shorterm Group
Description: Our Client is experiencing continuous growth, which means they are looking for suitable employees who wish to be part of a successful team, working with new challenges. If you would like to be considered for employment you:  Must be an experienced commercial catering engineer  Must have FGas refrigeration qualification  Must be willing to work in London and the South East  Must be willing to work **** in 4 weekends and work within thier on call out of hours schedule  Gas qualifications are also an advantage  but not domestic  namely COMCATS **** **** Preferred location  Essex / Middlesex / London / Hants / Berks surrounding area In the first instance please send a copy of your CV for consideration" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00166.txt " Commercial Catering Field Engineer" " 69079190" " Shorterm Group" " Our Client is experiencing continuous growth, which means they are looking for suitable employees who wish to be part of a successful team, working with new challenges. If you would like to be considered for employment you:  Must be an experienced commercial catering engineer  Must have FGas refrigeration qualification  Must be willing to work in London and the South East  Must be willing to work **** in 4 weekends and work within thier on call out of hours schedule  Gas qualifications are also an advantage  but not domestic  namely COMCATS **** **** Preferred location  Essex / Middlesex / London / Hants / Berks surrounding area In the first instance please send a copy of your CV for consideration" "['experiencing', 'continuous', 'growth', 'means', 'suitable', 'employees', 'part', 'challenges', 'considered', 'employment', 'experienced', 'commercial', 'catering', 'fgas', 'refrigeration', 'qualification', 'london', 'south', 'east', 'weekends', 'thier', 'call', 'hours', 'schedule', 'gas', 'qualifications', 'advantage', 'domestic', 'preferred', 'location', 'essex', 'middlesex', 'london', 'surrounding', 'area', 'instance', 'send', 'copy', 'cv', 'consideration']" Engineering
"Title: CNC Turner / Miller
Webindex: 71818770
Company: Concept Recruitment Group Ltd
Description: Our client in the Chesterfield area are looking to recruit for a CNC Miller / Turner. Applicants should be timeserved or apprentice trained and be capable of both milling and turning. You should be a competent programmer/setter/operator and have previous experience using a Mazatrol programme. This is a permanent role offering competitive rates and an excellent working environment. The organisation offers a day shift and a night shift separately. Therefore please state in your application which shift you intend to apply for. Day shift rate: ****  **** per hour Night shift rate: ****  **** per hour To apply please forward your current CV" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00165.txt " CNC Turner / Miller" " 71818770" " Concept Recruitment Group Ltd" " Our client in the Chesterfield area are looking to recruit for a CNC Miller / Turner. Applicants should be timeserved or apprentice trained and be capable of both milling and turning. You should be a competent programmer/setter/operator and have previous experience using a Mazatrol programme. This is a permanent role offering competitive rates and an excellent working environment. The organisation offers a day shift and a night shift separately. Therefore please state in your application which shift you intend to apply for. Day shift rate: ****  **** per hour Night shift rate: ****  **** per hour To apply please forward your current CV" "['chesterfield', 'area', 'recruit', 'cnc', 'miller', 'turner', 'applicants', 'timeserved', 'apprentice', 'trained', 'capable', 'milling', 'turning', 'competent', 'programmer', 'setter', 'operator', 'previous', 'mazatrol', 'programme', 'permanent', 'offering', 'competitive', 'rates', 'environment', 'organisation', 'offers', 'day', 'shift', 'night', 'shift', 'state', 'application', 'shift', 'day', 'shift', 'rate', 'hour', 'night', 'shift', 'rate', 'hour', 'forward', 'current', 'cv']" Engineering
"Title: Reservoir Engineering Advisor  ****
Webindex: 72610903
Company: NES Global Talent
Description: Reservoir Engineering Advisor  **** Location: Hampshire / London / South East Six Figure Package  Excellent Basic, Bonus & Executive Benefits Due to expansion my client is looking to add an experienced Reservoir Engineering Advisor with a proven petroleum background, to its existing team based from my clients Hampshire Office. My international client is a proven global leader within the oil & gas industry, focused on developing reservoirdriven solutions covering the full asset life cycle, from the earliest phases of project development through abandonment. The successful candidate will provide reservoir engineering input to a number of multidisciplinary projects, including field development planning, reservoir performance analysis, reserves estimation and auditing. The role demands that close links are developed and maintained with other geosciences and engineering disciplines such as Geology, Geophysics, Petrophysics, Petroleum Engineering, Production Technologist, Drilling and Completions, Geomechanics and Production Chemistry. You will conduct reservoir engineering studies using appropriate, stateoftheart techniques including reservoir simulation, material balance, decline curve analysis, well test analysis, PVT and SCAL data analysis. The candidate will be comfortable advising clients on all reservoir engineering matters, including advising clients on reserves and resources evaluation and reporting methodology. A solid knowledge of reservoir engineering related software is expected and demonstrated ability to compile and complete technical reports, plus presenting data, interpretations and reports to clients. As an integral member of the team, you will be degree qualified or equivalent with significant operational experience. Please apply by sending your CV & covering letter with confirmation of your current salary package. Due to confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements, many of our vacancies are not advertised. If you do not see a vacancy advertised which quite fits what you are looking for, please contact one of our sector specialists in confidence to discuss your personal requirements." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00219.txt " Reservoir Engineering Advisor  ****" " 72610903" " NES Global Talent" " Reservoir Engineering Advisor  **** Location: Hampshire / London / South East Six Figure Package  Excellent Basic, Bonus & Executive Benefits Due to expansion my client is looking to add an experienced Reservoir Engineering Advisor with a proven petroleum background, to its existing team based from my clients Hampshire Office. My international client is a proven global leader within the oil & gas industry, focused on developing reservoirdriven solutions covering the full asset life cycle, from the earliest phases of project development through abandonment. The successful candidate will provide reservoir engineering input to a number of multidisciplinary projects, including field development planning, reservoir performance analysis, reserves estimation and auditing. The role demands that close links are developed and maintained with other geosciences and engineering disciplines such as Geology, Geophysics, Petrophysics, Petroleum Engineering, Production Technologist, Drilling and Completions, Geomechanics and Production Chemistry. You will conduct reservoir engineering studies using appropriate, stateoftheart techniques including reservoir simulation, material balance, decline curve analysis, well test analysis, PVT and SCAL data analysis. The candidate will be comfortable advising clients on all reservoir engineering matters, including advising clients on reserves and resources evaluation and reporting methodology. A solid knowledge of reservoir engineering related software is expected and demonstrated ability to compile and complete technical reports, plus presenting data, interpretations and reports to clients. As an integral member of the team, you will be degree qualified or equivalent with significant operational experience. Please apply by sending your CV & covering letter with confirmation of your current salary package. Due to confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements, many of our vacancies are not advertised. If you do not see a vacancy advertised which quite fits what you are looking for, please contact one of our sector specialists in confidence to discuss your personal requirements." "['reservoir', 'advisor', 'location', 'hampshire', 'london', 'south', 'east', 'figure', 'package', 'basic', 'bonus', 'executive', 'benefits', 'due', 'expansion', 'add', 'experienced', 'reservoir', 'advisor', 'proven', 'petroleum', 'background', 'existing', 'hampshire', 'office', 'international', 'proven', 'global', 'leader', 'oil', 'gas', 'industry', 'focused', 'developing', 'solutions', 'covering', 'asset', 'life', 'cycle', 'phases', 'project', 'reservoir', 'input', 'number', 'multidisciplinary', 'projects', 'field', 'planning', 'reservoir', 'performance', 'analysis', 'reserves', 'auditing', 'demands', 'close', 'links', 'developed', 'maintained', 'disciplines', 'geology', 'geophysics', 'petroleum', 'production', 'technologist', 'drilling', 'geomechanics', 'production', 'conduct', 'reservoir', 'studies', 'stateoftheart', 'techniques', 'reservoir', 'simulation', 'material', 'balance', 'analysis', 'test', 'analysis', 'data', 'analysis', 'comfortable', 'advising', 'reservoir', 'matters', 'advising', 'reserves', 'resources', 'evaluation', 'reporting', 'methodology', 'solid', 'reservoir', 'related', 'software', 'expected', 'demonstrated', 'compile', 'complete', 'technical', 'reports', 'presenting', 'data', 'reports', 'integral', 'member', 'degree', 'qualified', 'equivalent', 'significant', 'operational', 'sending', 'cv', 'covering', 'letter', 'confirmation', 'current', 'package', 'due', 'confidentiality', 'agreements', 'vacancies', 'advertised', 'vacancy', 'advertised', 'fits', 'contact', 'sector', 'specialists', 'confidence', 'discuss', 'personal', 'requirements']" Engineering
"Title: New Business Account Manager
Webindex: 72446515
Company: Office Angels
Description: If you have Sales and Account Management experience, this could be the new challenge for you Our friendly client on the outskirts of Basingstoke is seeking a selfmotivated New Business Account Manager to start and develop a new sales venture. This exciting opportunity will include:  Setting up a database of both new and existing clients  Composing sales literature  Providing quotations  Answering order enquiries  Generating new business  Field and office based sales  Emailing and cold calling This role is perfect for a proven Sales individual who is looking for responsibility, uncapped commission, and the chance to grow within a company that offers ongoing training. Please note, candidates must be car drivers due to location of the office and for field sales. If you have not heard from a consultant within **** working days, please assume that you have been unsuccessful on this occasion. As an equal opportunities employer, you will always be judged on your merits alone. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NewBusinessAccountManager_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00684.txt " New Business Account Manager" " 72446515" " Office Angels" " If you have Sales and Account Management experience, this could be the new challenge for you Our friendly client on the outskirts of Basingstoke is seeking a selfmotivated New Business Account Manager to start and develop a new sales venture. This exciting opportunity will include:  Setting up a database of both new and existing clients  Composing sales literature  Providing quotations  Answering order enquiries  Generating new business  Field and office based sales  Emailing and cold calling This role is perfect for a proven Sales individual who is looking for responsibility, uncapped commission, and the chance to grow within a company that offers ongoing training. Please note, candidates must be car drivers due to location of the office and for field sales. If you have not heard from a consultant within **** working days, please assume that you have been unsuccessful on this occasion. As an equal opportunities employer, you will always be judged on your merits alone. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NewBusinessAccountManager_job****" "['account', 'challenge', 'friendly', 'outskirts', 'basingstoke', 'seeking', 'selfmotivated', 'account', 'start', 'develop', 'venture', 'exciting', 'include', 'setting', 'database', 'existing', 'literature', 'providing', 'quotations', 'answering', 'order', 'enquiries', 'generating', 'field', 'office', 'emailing', 'cold', 'calling', 'perfect', 'proven', 'individual', 'responsibility', 'uncapped', 'commission', 'chance', 'grow', 'offers', 'ongoing', 'note', 'candidates', 'car', 'drivers', 'due', 'location', 'office', 'field', 'heard', 'consultant', 'days', 'assume', 'unsuccessful', 'occasion', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer', 'merits', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Technical Project Manager  Mobile Payments
Webindex: 70676738
Company: expand executive search
Description: Customer Project Manager  Smart Card / NFC / Mpayments Major Global Vendor / Consultancy Permanent, London. **** plus package As one of the leading providers of SIM / cards worldwide, our client has played a pioneering role in shaping global standards for mobile communications and today offers a complete range of solutions for mobile applications that support all SIM standards, mobile devices, and mobile operator networks. At an exciting time, we are looking for a highimpact Project Manager to work on highprofile endtoend operator projects ( MNOs, UK and globally) and being the key technical point of contact with the customer, global account managers, technical teams and internal departments. Your focus area will be GSM/ NFC implementation projects and converging technologies in the mobile environment  You`ll manage profiles from customer requirements, development and testing through to client implementation and delivery, helping to ensure smooth and timely realisation of projects. We want to speak to you if you you have a good technical project management / client facing background in mobile payment / NFC / smart card OR Banking environment and : An understanding of payment specifications for Smart Cards, NFC technologies, OTA and Mobile Payments technologies Project Management methodology experience, i.e Prince 2  desirable Ability to plan and deliver presentations to different audiences including telecom operator partners Please call Rob on **** **** for more information and / or forward CV today for immediate review. Please also get in touch if you are a professional in this field and are exploring other opportunities within the smart card, NFC or Mpayment space. Key words ; NFC, mobile, payment, account manager, project manager, programme manager, mpayments, SIM, smart card, M2M This vacancy is being advertised by expand executive search, a search select firm registered in England that provides services to candidates and clients." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00250.txt " Technical Project Manager  Mobile Payments" " 70676738" " expand executive search" " Customer Project Manager  Smart Card / NFC / Mpayments Major Global Vendor / Consultancy Permanent, London. **** plus package As one of the leading providers of SIM / cards worldwide, our client has played a pioneering role in shaping global standards for mobile communications and today offers a complete range of solutions for mobile applications that support all SIM standards, mobile devices, and mobile operator networks. At an exciting time, we are looking for a highimpact Project Manager to work on highprofile endtoend operator projects ( MNOs, UK and globally) and being the key technical point of contact with the customer, global account managers, technical teams and internal departments. Your focus area will be GSM/ NFC implementation projects and converging technologies in the mobile environment  You`ll manage profiles from customer requirements, development and testing through to client implementation and delivery, helping to ensure smooth and timely realisation of projects. We want to speak to you if you you have a good technical project management / client facing background in mobile payment / NFC / smart card OR Banking environment and : An understanding of payment specifications for Smart Cards, NFC technologies, OTA and Mobile Payments technologies Project Management methodology experience, i.e Prince 2  desirable Ability to plan and deliver presentations to different audiences including telecom operator partners Please call Rob on **** **** for more information and / or forward CV today for immediate review. Please also get in touch if you are a professional in this field and are exploring other opportunities within the smart card, NFC or Mpayment space. Key words ; NFC, mobile, payment, account manager, project manager, programme manager, mpayments, SIM, smart card, M2M This vacancy is being advertised by expand executive search, a search select firm registered in England that provides services to candidates and clients." "['project', 'smart', 'card', 'nfc', 'mpayments', 'major', 'global', 'vendor', 'consultancy', 'permanent', 'london', 'package', 'providers', 'sim', 'cards', 'worldwide', 'played', 'pioneering', 'shaping', 'global', 'standards', 'mobile', 'communications', 'today', 'offers', 'complete', 'range', 'solutions', 'mobile', 'applications', 'sim', 'standards', 'mobile', 'devices', 'mobile', 'operator', 'networks', 'exciting', 'time', 'project', 'highprofile', 'endtoend', 'operator', 'projects', 'globally', 'key', 'technical', 'point', 'contact', 'global', 'account', 'managers', 'technical', 'teams', 'internal', 'departments', 'focus', 'area', 'gsm', 'nfc', 'implementation', 'projects', 'technologies', 'mobile', 'environment', 'll', 'manage', 'profiles', 'requirements', 'testing', 'implementation', 'delivery', 'helping', 'smooth', 'timely', 'projects', 'speak', 'technical', 'project', 'facing', 'background', 'mobile', 'payment', 'nfc', 'smart', 'card', 'banking', 'environment', 'understanding', 'payment', 'specifications', 'smart', 'cards', 'nfc', 'technologies', 'mobile', 'payments', 'technologies', 'project', 'methodology', 'desirable', 'plan', 'deliver', 'presentations', 'audiences', 'telecom', 'operator', 'partners', 'call', 'rob', 'information', 'forward', 'cv', 'today', 'review', 'touch', 'professional', 'field', 'exploring', 'opportunities', 'smart', 'card', 'nfc', 'space', 'key', 'words', 'nfc', 'mobile', 'payment', 'account', 'project', 'programme', 'mpayments', 'sim', 'smart', 'card', 'vacancy', 'advertised', 'expand', 'executive', 'search', 'search', 'select', 'firm', 'registered', 'england', 'candidates']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Junior Sales Assistant  IMMEDIATE START
Webindex: 68697352
Company: RJ Vibe Solutions
Description: No Marketing or Sales Experience?  No Problem At RJ Vibe in Luton, we’ve recently acquired a new client in the entertainment industry. They’re one of the top providers of the latest films, video games and TV shows; and they need our help to increase their customer base throughout Luton. We’re looking for people with a passion for entertainment to represent our client to the public facetoface We offer full product knowledge and ongoing guidance, so no specific sales experience is required Initially you will be involved in the direct sales process to help our client increase their brand awareness and market share. We target potential customers at their residences because this is where they’re most likely to use our client’s service. Expected earnings are between ****450 weekly based on approved sales, which are generated on a daily basis and paid out on a weekly basis. If you’re up for a challenge and want to be in control of your future, we’d love to hear from you For Consideration: Please send your CV through the online application process by clicking the 'Apply Now' button below. We will be in contact with successful applicants as soon as possible. In an effort to find the right people to represent our clients and help expand our industry, we routinely invite people to spend a full day in the field observing our sales operations. The day is designed to help the decisionmaking process and participants do not receive compensation, but they get a chance to see if the opening is best for them. Location: Luton Earnings: 250  450 OTE Starting Contact: Glen Like us on Facebook: /pages/RJVibe/**** Follow us on Twitter: /RJ_Vibe This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/JuniorSalesAssistantIMMEDIATESTART_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00757.txt " Junior Sales Assistant  IMMEDIATE START" " 68697352" " RJ Vibe Solutions" " No Marketing or Sales Experience?  No Problem At RJ Vibe in Luton, we’ve recently acquired a new client in the entertainment industry. They’re one of the top providers of the latest films, video games and TV shows; and they need our help to increase their customer base throughout Luton. We’re looking for people with a passion for entertainment to represent our client to the public facetoface We offer full product knowledge and ongoing guidance, so no specific sales experience is required Initially you will be involved in the direct sales process to help our client increase their brand awareness and market share. We target potential customers at their residences because this is where they’re most likely to use our client’s service. Expected earnings are between ****450 weekly based on approved sales, which are generated on a daily basis and paid out on a weekly basis. If you’re up for a challenge and want to be in control of your future, we’d love to hear from you For Consideration: Please send your CV through the online application process by clicking the 'Apply Now' button below. We will be in contact with successful applicants as soon as possible. In an effort to find the right people to represent our clients and help expand our industry, we routinely invite people to spend a full day in the field observing our sales operations. The day is designed to help the decisionmaking process and participants do not receive compensation, but they get a chance to see if the opening is best for them. Location: Luton Earnings: 250  450 OTE Starting Contact: Glen Like us on Facebook: /pages/RJVibe/**** Follow us on Twitter: /RJ_Vibe This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/JuniorSalesAssistantIMMEDIATESTART_job****" "['marketing', 'problem', 'rj', 'vibe', 'luton', 've', 'recently', 'acquired', 'entertainment', 'industry', 'top', 'providers', 'latest', 'films', 'video', 'games', 'tv', 'shows', 'increase', 'base', 'luton', 'people', 'passion', 'entertainment', 'represent', 'public', 'facetoface', 'offer', 'product', 'ongoing', 'guidance', 'specific', 'initially', 'involved', 'direct', 'process', 'increase', 'brand', 'awareness', 'market', 'share', 'target', 'potential', 'customers', 'residences', 'expected', 'earnings', 'weekly', 'approved', 'generated', 'daily', 'basis', 'paid', 'weekly', 'basis', 'challenge', 'control', 'future', 'love', 'hear', 'consideration', 'send', 'cv', 'online', 'application', 'process', 'clicking', 'button', 'contact', 'applicants', 'effort', 'find', 'people', 'represent', 'expand', 'industry', 'routinely', 'invite', 'people', 'spend', 'day', 'field', 'observing', 'operations', 'day', 'designed', 'decisionmaking', 'process', 'participants', 'receive', 'compensation', 'chance', 'opening', 'location', 'luton', 'earnings', 'ote', 'starting', 'contact', 'glen', 'facebook', 'pages', 'follow', 'twitter', 'rj', 'vibe', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Materials Manager (Stores)
Webindex: 69557422
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd
Description: Are you a Senior Materials/Stores Manager with experience from a manufacturing background, looking to work for a marketleading company who offer training and progression? Materials Manager (Stores) Peterborough ****  **** BUPA  Pension 6%  Life Assurance  33 Days Holiday Are you a Senior Materials/Stores Manager with experience from a manufacturing background, looking to work for a marketleading company who offer training and progression? On offer is a fully autonomous role where you will responsible for all material bookings, storage and movements on site, in order to meet customer requirements. This reputable company design, manufacture and install capital equipment, covering a huge variety of materials and industries but their core business is in the food industry. This role represents an excellent opportunity for a Materials/Stores Manager from a manufacturing background looking to join a growing company who offer ongoing training and progression The Role To manage on site material movements and bookings To actively manage the stores and expediting operations To monitor quality issues in order to continually improve the processes To assist in implementing process change initiatives, cost reductions and achieving performance improvement targets The Person Sound knowledge of Material management processes and techniques From a manufacturing background Working knowledge of stock management systems Materials, Stores, Production, Manufacturing, Manager, Management, Stores Systems, MRP, ERP, Kanban, Engineering, Engineer, Peterborough" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00050.txt " Materials Manager (Stores)" " 69557422" " Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd" " Are you a Senior Materials/Stores Manager with experience from a manufacturing background, looking to work for a marketleading company who offer training and progression? Materials Manager (Stores) Peterborough ****  **** BUPA  Pension 6%  Life Assurance  33 Days Holiday Are you a Senior Materials/Stores Manager with experience from a manufacturing background, looking to work for a marketleading company who offer training and progression? On offer is a fully autonomous role where you will responsible for all material bookings, storage and movements on site, in order to meet customer requirements. This reputable company design, manufacture and install capital equipment, covering a huge variety of materials and industries but their core business is in the food industry. This role represents an excellent opportunity for a Materials/Stores Manager from a manufacturing background looking to join a growing company who offer ongoing training and progression The Role To manage on site material movements and bookings To actively manage the stores and expediting operations To monitor quality issues in order to continually improve the processes To assist in implementing process change initiatives, cost reductions and achieving performance improvement targets The Person Sound knowledge of Material management processes and techniques From a manufacturing background Working knowledge of stock management systems Materials, Stores, Production, Manufacturing, Manager, Management, Stores Systems, MRP, ERP, Kanban, Engineering, Engineer, Peterborough" "['senior', 'materials', 'stores', 'manufacturing', 'background', 'marketleading', 'offer', 'progression', 'materials', 'stores', 'peterborough', 'bupa', 'pension', 'life', 'assurance', 'days', 'holiday', 'senior', 'materials', 'stores', 'manufacturing', 'background', 'marketleading', 'offer', 'progression', 'offer', 'fully', 'autonomous', 'responsible', 'material', 'bookings', 'storage', 'movements', 'site', 'order', 'meet', 'requirements', 'reputable', 'manufacture', 'install', 'capital', 'equipment', 'covering', 'huge', 'variety', 'materials', 'industries', 'core', 'food', 'industry', 'represents', 'materials', 'stores', 'manufacturing', 'background', 'growing', 'offer', 'ongoing', 'progression', 'manage', 'site', 'material', 'movements', 'bookings', 'actively', 'manage', 'stores', 'expediting', 'operations', 'monitor', 'quality', 'issues', 'order', 'continually', 'improve', 'processes', 'assist', 'implementing', 'process', 'change', 'initiatives', 'cost', 'achieving', 'performance', 'improvement', 'targets', 'person', 'sound', 'material', 'processes', 'techniques', 'manufacturing', 'background', 'stock', 'materials', 'stores', 'production', 'manufacturing', 'stores', 'erp', 'peterborough']" Engineering
"Title: Search Recruitment Consultant  Media and Technology, Brighton
Webindex: 72441930
Company: Fresh Partnership
Description: Search Recruitment Consultant  Media and Technology, Brighton Basic Salary circa ********k  Excellent uncapped commission scheme  OTE ****k   Attractive benefits package  Excellent career progression Company A global Telecoms, Media and Technology recruitment consultancy focussing on specialist and senior level positions across Europe, Middle East, Asia and the US. A privately owned business geared for high levels of growth with an aggressive three year plan; the key factor to growth is recruiting the right people. Role They are expanding in line with market growth and an experienced recruitment consultant is required for their Brighton office. You will be completing both contingency and retained assignments within a core salary range of ****k****k across a number of niche vertical markets. Requirement • You will have proven permanent recruitment experience  with the ability to demonstrate success in your chosen market • You will be articulate, enthusiastic and able to communicate at all levels • You are a self starter with the desire to progress your career, and can demonstrate successful billings • Have a stable career history and be of graduate calibre We do try to respond personally but if you have not heard from us within **** working days then please accept that your application is not going to proceed further This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SearchRecruitmentConsultantMediaandTechnologyBrighton_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00761.txt " Search Recruitment Consultant  Media and Technology, Brighton" " 72441930" " Fresh Partnership" " Search Recruitment Consultant  Media and Technology, Brighton Basic Salary circa ********k  Excellent uncapped commission scheme  OTE ****k   Attractive benefits package  Excellent career progression Company A global Telecoms, Media and Technology recruitment consultancy focussing on specialist and senior level positions across Europe, Middle East, Asia and the US. A privately owned business geared for high levels of growth with an aggressive three year plan; the key factor to growth is recruiting the right people. Role They are expanding in line with market growth and an experienced recruitment consultant is required for their Brighton office. You will be completing both contingency and retained assignments within a core salary range of ****k****k across a number of niche vertical markets. Requirement • You will have proven permanent recruitment experience  with the ability to demonstrate success in your chosen market • You will be articulate, enthusiastic and able to communicate at all levels • You are a self starter with the desire to progress your career, and can demonstrate successful billings • Have a stable career history and be of graduate calibre We do try to respond personally but if you have not heard from us within **** working days then please accept that your application is not going to proceed further This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SearchRecruitmentConsultantMediaandTechnologyBrighton_job****" "['search', 'consultant', 'media', 'technology', 'brighton', 'basic', 'circa', 'uncapped', 'commission', 'scheme', 'ote', 'attractive', 'benefits', 'package', 'career', 'progression', 'global', 'telecoms', 'media', 'technology', 'consultancy', 'focussing', 'specialist', 'senior', 'level', 'positions', 'europe', 'middle', 'east', 'asia', 'privately', 'owned', 'levels', 'growth', 'aggressive', 'year', 'plan', 'key', 'factor', 'growth', 'recruiting', 'people', 'expanding', 'line', 'market', 'growth', 'experienced', 'consultant', 'brighton', 'office', 'completing', 'retained', 'assignments', 'core', 'range', 'number', 'niche', 'vertical', 'markets', 'requirement', 'proven', 'permanent', 'demonstrate', 'success', 'chosen', 'market', 'articulate', 'enthusiastic', 'communicate', 'levels', 'starter', 'desire', 'progress', 'career', 'demonstrate', 'stable', 'career', 'history', 'graduate', 'calibre', 'respond', 'personally', 'heard', 'days', 'accept', 'application', 'proceed', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Residential Care Worker (Senior)  Young People
Webindex: 72481346
Company: Unity
Description: Unity is an award winning group of companies and Social Enterprise that deliver services for Children and Young People from StokeonTrent and North Staffordshire. Due to continued expansion in our residential care settings we require experienced new recruits to join our dynamic staff teams working with young people in small residential settings who may display emotional and behavioural difficulties. Our residential settings are semi rural detached properties that offer full time care for young people aged **** Applicants are required to have the following  Experience of working in a SENIOR role in similar residential setting.  Must hold NVQ level 3 Health Social Care (Children Young people).  A genuine interest in working with Children and Young People.  Must be confident, forward thinking and motivated to support and engage with young people.  Must have excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Hold full driving licence. DO NOT APPLY IF YOU DO NOT HOLD THE NVQ IN HEALTH AND SOCIAL CARE CHILDREN YOUNG PEOPLE OR HAVE NO EXPERIENCE AT A SENIOR LEVEL, THESE ARE ESSENTIAL. Due to the nature of this role applicants will be required to complete a robust safer recruitment procedure that will require an enhanced CRB check, References and checks to ensure they are suitable to work with children an young people. Positions are for full time but casual may also be considered. To apply for these positions please email your CV in the first instance to mattunitystoke.co.uk or call **** for more information." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00554.txt " Residential Care Worker (Senior)  Young People" " 72481346" " Unity" " Unity is an award winning group of companies and Social Enterprise that deliver services for Children and Young People from StokeonTrent and North Staffordshire. Due to continued expansion in our residential care settings we require experienced new recruits to join our dynamic staff teams working with young people in small residential settings who may display emotional and behavioural difficulties. Our residential settings are semi rural detached properties that offer full time care for young people aged **** Applicants are required to have the following  Experience of working in a SENIOR role in similar residential setting.  Must hold NVQ level 3 Health Social Care (Children Young people).  A genuine interest in working with Children and Young People.  Must be confident, forward thinking and motivated to support and engage with young people.  Must have excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Hold full driving licence. DO NOT APPLY IF YOU DO NOT HOLD THE NVQ IN HEALTH AND SOCIAL CARE CHILDREN YOUNG PEOPLE OR HAVE NO EXPERIENCE AT A SENIOR LEVEL, THESE ARE ESSENTIAL. Due to the nature of this role applicants will be required to complete a robust safer recruitment procedure that will require an enhanced CRB check, References and checks to ensure they are suitable to work with children an young people. Positions are for full time but casual may also be considered. To apply for these positions please email your CV in the first instance to mattunitystoke.co.uk or call **** for more information." "['award', 'winning', 'group', 'companies', 'social', 'enterprise', 'deliver', 'children', 'young', 'people', 'north', 'staffordshire', 'due', 'continued', 'expansion', 'residential', 'settings', 'require', 'experienced', 'recruits', 'dynamic', 'teams', 'young', 'people', 'small', 'residential', 'settings', 'display', 'emotional', 'behavioural', 'difficulties', 'residential', 'settings', 'semi', 'rural', 'properties', 'offer', 'time', 'young', 'people', 'aged', 'applicants', 'senior', 'similar', 'residential', 'setting', 'hold', 'nvq', 'level', 'health', 'social', 'children', 'young', 'people', 'genuine', 'interest', 'children', 'young', 'people', 'confident', 'forward', 'thinking', 'motivated', 'engage', 'young', 'people', 'written', 'verbal', 'communication', 'hold', 'driving', 'licence', 'hold', 'nvq', 'health', 'social', 'children', 'young', 'people', 'senior', 'level', 'essential', 'due', 'nature', 'applicants', 'complete', 'robust', 'procedure', 'require', 'enhanced', 'crb', 'check', 'references', 'checks', 'suitable', 'children', 'young', 'people', 'positions', 'time', 'casual', 'considered', 'positions', 'email', 'cv', 'instance', 'call', 'information']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Senior Support Worker
Webindex: 71082148
Company: Bay Tree Care Services
Description: Senior Support Worker required to coordinate care/support for Adults with Mental Health/Learning difficulties. 6 Month temporary contract, flexible working hours (inc. Evenings, Weekends and Bank Holidays) 10 Hrs per Week Responsibliities include: Planning off duties, Assessing Support Plans, Supervising junior staff, Delivering support/care to their client group and assisting them to live independantly within the community. Qualifications: (one or more of the following) NVQ**** Health and Social Care, Diploma in Counselling / Social Work, RMN, ****yrs Advance TA Psychotherapy Training or other Equivalent degree. Car driver Essential and must have use of own Car." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00442.txt " Senior Support Worker" " 71082148" " Bay Tree Care Services" " Senior Support Worker required to coordinate care/support for Adults with Mental Health/Learning difficulties. 6 Month temporary contract, flexible working hours (inc. Evenings, Weekends and Bank Holidays) 10 Hrs per Week Responsibliities include: Planning off duties, Assessing Support Plans, Supervising junior staff, Delivering support/care to their client group and assisting them to live independantly within the community. Qualifications: (one or more of the following) NVQ**** Health and Social Care, Diploma in Counselling / Social Work, RMN, ****yrs Advance TA Psychotherapy Training or other Equivalent degree. Car driver Essential and must have use of own Car." "['senior', 'worker', 'coordinate', 'adults', 'mental', 'health', 'learning', 'difficulties', 'month', 'temporary', 'contract', 'flexible', 'hours', 'evenings', 'weekends', 'bank', 'holidays', 'hrs', 'week', 'include', 'planning', 'duties', 'assessing', 'plans', 'supervising', 'junior', 'delivering', 'group', 'assisting', 'live', 'community', 'qualifications', 'nvq', 'health', 'social', 'diploma', 'counselling', 'social', 'rmn', 'yrs', 'advance', 'equivalent', 'degree', 'car', 'driver', 'essential', 'car']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Vice President  Compliance Policy and Training
Webindex: 67018488
Company: Hays Risk Compliance
Description: My client a leading investment bank based in the City require an experience compliance professional to join their regulatory risk team to specialise in policy and training for their investment banking division. You will be required to; Design and deliver regulatory training to the Business in collaboration with Compliance Advisory and other colleagues Provide focussed specialist advice to the business taking into account business needs, external best practice and regulatory requirements. Act as point of contact within the business for regulatory competence queries, ensuring that the information provided is clearly understood by the business. Identify and recommend improvements to processes and procedures or where there may be a training requirement Review and analysis of key external trends and influences to ensure that a wide range of information is used to support the development of regulatory competence strategies ensuring these are in line with the planned overall business unit/Group strategies Design, develop and implement the regulatory competence framework for the business ensuring changes are fully communicated and understood by all interested parties Provide specialist advice to the Business in relation to queries in relation to FSA Approved Persons requirements Actively develop and maintain relationships with a wide range of key customers, suppliers, colleagues and peers to obtain/exchange information, identify best practices, ascertain customers future requirements and where appropriate, respond to changes in the internal and external business and regulatory environment Ensure compliance with the Bank s procedures, guidelines and reporting requirements as well as any relevant regulatory and statutory requirements. When required assist in the initiation / management of compliance related projects ensuring these are delivered on time and to specification My client would be very keen to talk to candidates from an investment banking compliance background or candidates who have worked for the regulator. To find out more please call Stephen Borner on **** Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C s, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00282.txt " Vice President  Compliance Policy and Training" " 67018488" " Hays Risk Compliance" " My client a leading investment bank based in the City require an experience compliance professional to join their regulatory risk team to specialise in policy and training for their investment banking division. You will be required to; Design and deliver regulatory training to the Business in collaboration with Compliance Advisory and other colleagues Provide focussed specialist advice to the business taking into account business needs, external best practice and regulatory requirements. Act as point of contact within the business for regulatory competence queries, ensuring that the information provided is clearly understood by the business. Identify and recommend improvements to processes and procedures or where there may be a training requirement Review and analysis of key external trends and influences to ensure that a wide range of information is used to support the development of regulatory competence strategies ensuring these are in line with the planned overall business unit/Group strategies Design, develop and implement the regulatory competence framework for the business ensuring changes are fully communicated and understood by all interested parties Provide specialist advice to the Business in relation to queries in relation to FSA Approved Persons requirements Actively develop and maintain relationships with a wide range of key customers, suppliers, colleagues and peers to obtain/exchange information, identify best practices, ascertain customers future requirements and where appropriate, respond to changes in the internal and external business and regulatory environment Ensure compliance with the Bank s procedures, guidelines and reporting requirements as well as any relevant regulatory and statutory requirements. When required assist in the initiation / management of compliance related projects ensuring these are delivered on time and to specification My client would be very keen to talk to candidates from an investment banking compliance background or candidates who have worked for the regulator. To find out more please call Stephen Borner on **** Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C s, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk" "['investment', 'bank', 'city', 'require', 'compliance', 'professional', 'regulatory', 'risk', 'specialise', 'policy', 'investment', 'banking', 'division', 'deliver', 'regulatory', 'collaboration', 'compliance', 'advisory', 'colleagues', 'focussed', 'specialist', 'advice', 'taking', 'account', 'external', 'practice', 'regulatory', 'requirements', 'act', 'point', 'contact', 'regulatory', 'competence', 'queries', 'ensuring', 'information', 'provided', 'understood', 'identify', 'recommend', 'improvements', 'processes', 'procedures', 'requirement', 'review', 'analysis', 'key', 'external', 'trends', 'influences', 'wide', 'range', 'information', 'regulatory', 'competence', 'strategies', 'ensuring', 'line', 'planned', 'unit', 'group', 'strategies', 'develop', 'implement', 'regulatory', 'competence', 'framework', 'ensuring', 'fully', 'communicated', 'understood', 'interested', 'parties', 'specialist', 'advice', 'relation', 'queries', 'relation', 'fsa', 'approved', 'persons', 'requirements', 'actively', 'develop', 'maintain', 'relationships', 'wide', 'range', 'key', 'customers', 'suppliers', 'colleagues', 'peers', 'obtain', 'exchange', 'information', 'identify', 'practices', 'ascertain', 'customers', 'future', 'requirements', 'respond', 'internal', 'external', 'regulatory', 'environment', 'compliance', 'bank', 'procedures', 'guidelines', 'reporting', 'requirements', 'relevant', 'regulatory', 'statutory', 'requirements', 'assist', 'compliance', 'related', 'projects', 'ensuring', 'delivered', 'time', 'specification', 'keen', 'talk', 'candidates', 'investment', 'banking', 'compliance', 'background', 'candidates', 'worked', 'find', 'call', 'stephen', 'hays', 'specialist', 'limited', 'acts', 'employment', 'agency', 'permanent', 'employment', 'supply', 'temporary', 'workers', 'applying', 'accept', 'privacy', 'policy', 'disclaimers', 'found', 'hays']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Clinical Lead Nurse RGN/RMN Largs **** p/h  Largs
Webindex: 68731887
Company: SYK Recruitment
Description: SYK Recruitment Specialists are looking for a Clinical Lead nurse to join this large care home. Our ideal candidate will be RGN or RMN qualified and have experience in elderly and dementia care and be prepared to take on an active leadership role supporting the operation of a twenty four hour business.The home specialises in the care of the elderly and service users with dementia and also challenging behaviour.We would like to receive applications from ambitious and highly motivated nurses that are looking for an opportunity to work at staff nurse level within a care home environment. You must have outstanding communication skills, excellent time management skills and a passion for standards of care.My client is offering a competitive hourly rate of **** per hour, working day and night shifts over 44 hours per week.Please note that my client will be conducting interviews as soon as possible so if you are interested, please submit your CV.For further details please contact Katie Butler at SYK Recruitment Specialists on **** **** or apply via this advert." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00568.txt " Clinical Lead Nurse RGN/RMN Largs **** p/h  Largs" " 68731887" " SYK Recruitment" " SYK Recruitment Specialists are looking for a Clinical Lead nurse to join this large care home. Our ideal candidate will be RGN or RMN qualified and have experience in elderly and dementia care and be prepared to take on an active leadership role supporting the operation of a twenty four hour business.The home specialises in the care of the elderly and service users with dementia and also challenging behaviour.We would like to receive applications from ambitious and highly motivated nurses that are looking for an opportunity to work at staff nurse level within a care home environment. You must have outstanding communication skills, excellent time management skills and a passion for standards of care.My client is offering a competitive hourly rate of **** per hour, working day and night shifts over 44 hours per week.Please note that my client will be conducting interviews as soon as possible so if you are interested, please submit your CV.For further details please contact Katie Butler at SYK Recruitment Specialists on **** **** or apply via this advert." "['syk', 'specialists', 'clinical', 'lead', 'nurse', 'large', 'ideal', 'rgn', 'rmn', 'qualified', 'elderly', 'dementia', 'prepared', 'active', 'leadership', 'supporting', 'operation', 'twenty', 'hour', 'specialises', 'elderly', 'users', 'dementia', 'challenging', 'behaviour', 'receive', 'applications', 'ambitious', 'highly', 'motivated', 'nurses', 'nurse', 'level', 'environment', 'outstanding', 'communication', 'time', 'passion', 'standards', 'offering', 'competitive', 'hourly', 'rate', 'hour', 'day', 'night', 'shifts', 'hours', 'week', 'note', 'conducting', 'interviews', 'interested', 'submit', 'cv', 'details', 'contact', 'katie', 'butler', 'syk', 'specialists', 'advert']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: International Sales Account Manager  German Market
Webindex: 66935937
Company: INTERACTION RECRUITMENT
Description: INTERNATIONAL SALES ACCOUNT MANAGER  managing the German Market WANT TO JOIN AN EXPANDING, DYNAMIC AND SUCCESSFUL SALES TEAM??? WANT TO EARN A HIGHLY COMPETITIVE PACKAGEREAD ON FOR FULL DETAILS Our client is a rapidly expanding IT Solutions company based in Harrogate The business has a 'can do will do attitude' and the successful candidate must have an excellent attitude towards sales, and developing business via the telephone. The Key duties of the role will be: Account managing clients based in Germany, regular outbound calls to manage monthly orders  Outgoing telephone calls to build up new Account base Processing sales enquiries, Confirming client orders. Sending out marketing to clients. Dealing with incoming telephone calls. Ad hoc duties as and when required. The Key skills required: Existing Cold Calling experience is essential as is experience of managing Business Accounts Speaking the German language fluently Good organisational skills IT Knowledge. The business are looking to Interview ASAP. Interested in finding out more??? Please send your CV to carla.leadleyinteractionrecruitment.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/InternationalSalesAccountManagerGermanMarket_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00627.txt " International Sales Account Manager  German Market" " 66935937" " INTERACTION RECRUITMENT" " INTERNATIONAL SALES ACCOUNT MANAGER  managing the German Market WANT TO JOIN AN EXPANDING, DYNAMIC AND SUCCESSFUL SALES TEAM??? WANT TO EARN A HIGHLY COMPETITIVE PACKAGEREAD ON FOR FULL DETAILS Our client is a rapidly expanding IT Solutions company based in Harrogate The business has a 'can do will do attitude' and the successful candidate must have an excellent attitude towards sales, and developing business via the telephone. The Key duties of the role will be: Account managing clients based in Germany, regular outbound calls to manage monthly orders  Outgoing telephone calls to build up new Account base Processing sales enquiries, Confirming client orders. Sending out marketing to clients. Dealing with incoming telephone calls. Ad hoc duties as and when required. The Key skills required: Existing Cold Calling experience is essential as is experience of managing Business Accounts Speaking the German language fluently Good organisational skills IT Knowledge. The business are looking to Interview ASAP. Interested in finding out more??? Please send your CV to carla.leadleyinteractionrecruitment.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/InternationalSalesAccountManagerGermanMarket_job****" "['international', 'account', 'managing', 'german', 'market', 'expanding', 'dynamic', 'earn', 'highly', 'competitive', 'details', 'rapidly', 'expanding', 'solutions', 'harrogate', 'attitude', 'attitude', 'developing', 'telephone', 'key', 'duties', 'account', 'managing', 'germany', 'regular', 'outbound', 'calls', 'manage', 'monthly', 'orders', 'outgoing', 'telephone', 'calls', 'build', 'account', 'base', 'processing', 'enquiries', 'confirming', 'orders', 'sending', 'marketing', 'dealing', 'incoming', 'telephone', 'calls', 'ad', 'hoc', 'duties', 'key', 'existing', 'cold', 'calling', 'essential', 'managing', 'accounts', 'speaking', 'german', 'language', 'fluently', 'organisational', 'interview', 'asap', 'interested', 'finding', 'send', 'cv', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'salestarget', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Crisis Manager  Maidstone
Webindex: 69182884
Company: Optima Nursing & Care Services Ltd
Description: I have an excellent opportunity for an experienced Home Manager to join one ofthe UKs leading care organisations. To cover Kent as a Crisis Manager assisting Registered Managers and Clinical Teams to ensure the best service is being provided. I am looking for a strong, dynamic manager with experience in turning servicesaround is needed to troubleshoot and direct a staff team in making thenecessary changes. The role would suit an experienced Home Manager, whorelishes and thrives on a challenge. A Nursing qualification and strong clinical background is essential, along withbusiness acumen and managerial experience.The role ideally would be permanent, and the company offers a good package andfuture career development." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00562.txt " Crisis Manager  Maidstone" " 69182884" " Optima Nursing & Care Services Ltd" " I have an excellent opportunity for an experienced Home Manager to join one ofthe UKs leading care organisations. To cover Kent as a Crisis Manager assisting Registered Managers and Clinical Teams to ensure the best service is being provided. I am looking for a strong, dynamic manager with experience in turning servicesaround is needed to troubleshoot and direct a staff team in making thenecessary changes. The role would suit an experienced Home Manager, whorelishes and thrives on a challenge. A Nursing qualification and strong clinical background is essential, along withbusiness acumen and managerial experience.The role ideally would be permanent, and the company offers a good package andfuture career development." "['experienced', 'uks', 'organisations', 'cover', 'kent', 'crisis', 'assisting', 'registered', 'managers', 'clinical', 'teams', 'provided', 'dynamic', 'turning', 'needed', 'troubleshoot', 'direct', 'making', 'suit', 'experienced', 'thrives', 'challenge', 'nursing', 'qualification', 'clinical', 'background', 'essential', 'acumen', 'managerial', 'ideally', 'permanent', 'offers', 'package', 'career']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Technical Tools Specialist
Webindex: 66506073
Company: Zenith Resources
Description: Our client is a global oilfield service company specialising in drilling and well services, with more than 40 years experience. They now require additional Technical Tools Specialists. Applicants will need at least 5 years offshore experience. Salary approx ****k, plus offshore allowance. The successful candidate will work in the workshop and offshore on an ad hoc basis. The job is based at Dyce, Aberdeen but the offices will move to Blackburn, Aberdenshire in May 2013" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00052.txt " Technical Tools Specialist" " 66506073" " Zenith Resources" " Our client is a global oilfield service company specialising in drilling and well services, with more than 40 years experience. They now require additional Technical Tools Specialists. Applicants will need at least 5 years offshore experience. Salary approx ****k, plus offshore allowance. The successful candidate will work in the workshop and offshore on an ad hoc basis. The job is based at Dyce, Aberdeen but the offices will move to Blackburn, Aberdenshire in May 2013" "['global', 'oilfield', 'specialising', 'drilling', 'years', 'require', 'additional', 'technical', 'tools', 'specialists', 'applicants', 'years', 'offshore', 'approx', 'offshore', 'allowance', 'workshop', 'offshore', 'ad', 'hoc', 'basis', 'dyce', 'aberdeen', 'offices', 'move', 'blackburn']" Engineering
"Title: Director of Finance and Business
Webindex: 72479442
Company: Jobsite Jobs
Description: Director of Finance and Business Location: North West London Salary: **** **** (inclusive of London Weighting) Kingsbury High School dates back to **** and has **** pupils. The outcome of the 2010 Ofsted inspection was that it is a good school with an outstanding sixth form. The school has converter Academy status and their stated ambition is to make Kingsbury High the finest high school around. The school is committed to innovation and continual improvement whilst maintaining a strong sense of tradition. This is a unique opportunity to join the school s senior management team providing leadership and strategic direction in finance and other support resource areas. Ensuring the long term financial sustainability of the school will be central to the position; maximising funding opportunities and delivering value for money. You will manage the school s budget and take responsibility for meeting all statutory obligations associated with finance. Specific areas of responsibility beyond finance will include HR, estates, administration, IT and marketing You will be a qualified accountant and have proven experience of working in a senior leadership role. Ideally you will have established experience of managing other resource areas, though this is not essential. An ability to prioritise in this demanding role is essential and you must have the initiative and confidence to deal with key issues efficiently and effectively. Whilst a background in the sector is not necessary, a clear understanding of related issues and a demonstrable commitment to education is. Key dates Closing date for applications: Monday **** st January 2013, Assessment date: Thursday **** th February 2013. Interview date: Friday **** th February 2013. Kingsbury High is a converter Academy committed to national terms and conditions for teaching staff, local NJC terms for support staff and, as an Equal Opportunities employer, welcomes application from all sections of the community. The School is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. This post is subject to an enhanced CRB Disclosure check." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00271.txt " Director of Finance and Business" " 72479442" " Jobsite Jobs" " Director of Finance and Business Location: North West London Salary: **** **** (inclusive of London Weighting) Kingsbury High School dates back to **** and has **** pupils. The outcome of the 2010 Ofsted inspection was that it is a good school with an outstanding sixth form. The school has converter Academy status and their stated ambition is to make Kingsbury High the finest high school around. The school is committed to innovation and continual improvement whilst maintaining a strong sense of tradition. This is a unique opportunity to join the school s senior management team providing leadership and strategic direction in finance and other support resource areas. Ensuring the long term financial sustainability of the school will be central to the position; maximising funding opportunities and delivering value for money. You will manage the school s budget and take responsibility for meeting all statutory obligations associated with finance. Specific areas of responsibility beyond finance will include HR, estates, administration, IT and marketing You will be a qualified accountant and have proven experience of working in a senior leadership role. Ideally you will have established experience of managing other resource areas, though this is not essential. An ability to prioritise in this demanding role is essential and you must have the initiative and confidence to deal with key issues efficiently and effectively. Whilst a background in the sector is not necessary, a clear understanding of related issues and a demonstrable commitment to education is. Key dates Closing date for applications: Monday **** st January 2013, Assessment date: Thursday **** th February 2013. Interview date: Friday **** th February 2013. Kingsbury High is a converter Academy committed to national terms and conditions for teaching staff, local NJC terms for support staff and, as an Equal Opportunities employer, welcomes application from all sections of the community. The School is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. This post is subject to an enhanced CRB Disclosure check." "['director', 'finance', 'location', 'north', 'west', 'london', 'inclusive', 'london', 'weighting', 'kingsbury', 'school', 'dates', 'back', 'outcome', 'inspection', 'school', 'outstanding', 'form', 'school', 'converter', 'academy', 'status', 'stated', 'ambition', 'make', 'kingsbury', 'finest', 'school', 'school', 'committed', 'innovation', 'continual', 'improvement', 'whilst', 'maintaining', 'sense', 'unique', 'school', 'senior', 'providing', 'leadership', 'strategic', 'direction', 'finance', 'resource', 'areas', 'ensuring', 'long', 'term', 'sustainability', 'school', 'central', 'maximising', 'funding', 'opportunities', 'delivering', 'money', 'manage', 'school', 'budget', 'responsibility', 'meeting', 'statutory', 'obligations', 'finance', 'specific', 'areas', 'responsibility', 'finance', 'include', 'hr', 'estates', 'administration', 'marketing', 'qualified', 'accountant', 'proven', 'senior', 'leadership', 'ideally', 'established', 'managing', 'resource', 'areas', 'essential', 'prioritise', 'demanding', 'essential', 'initiative', 'confidence', 'deal', 'key', 'issues', 'efficiently', 'effectively', 'whilst', 'background', 'sector', 'clear', 'understanding', 'related', 'issues', 'demonstrable', 'commitment', 'education', 'key', 'dates', 'closing', 'date', 'applications', 'monday', 'st', 'january', 'assessment', 'date', 'thursday', 'february', 'interview', 'date', 'friday', 'february', 'kingsbury', 'converter', 'academy', 'committed', 'national', 'terms', 'conditions', 'teaching', 'local', 'terms', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer', 'welcomes', 'application', 'sections', 'community', 'school', 'committed', 'safeguarding', 'promoting', 'welfare', 'children', 'young', 'people', 'expects', 'volunteers', 'share', 'commitment', 'post', 'subject', 'enhanced', 'crb', 'disclosure', 'check']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Business Project Manager  London Insurance
Webindex: 68544610
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Business Project Manager  Insurance Sector Central London pound;****k  bonus  benefits Are you an AMPM (or equivalent) qualified Business Project Manager with extensive stakeholder management experience within the London Insurance sector? Important APMP or equivalent, Business Change, Project Manager, Project Management, London Insurance, full lifecycle The Job Business Project Manager required in London to work for a leading corporate paying pound;****  bonus  benefits. Responsibilities: You will manage the full lifecycle of quality improvement projects for business processes, compliance and controls in an heavily customer facing role. You will be responsible for improving operating efficiency and distribution channels internationally through implementing new or enhanced services, tools and standards. In the initial phase of the project a lot of your time will be spent on client sites with senior stakeholders gathering information and presenting findings. Delivering significant projects through the complete lifecycle applying project management tools and methodologies Contribute to analysis and deployment work, analysing requirements and proposing changes to processes Ongoing liaison with project stakeholders Ensure that the time and quality of projects are controlled Manage project risks and issues. Where these threaten to derail a project, take ownership and bring the project back on track Liaise with and coordinate the activities of third parties involved in the project Plan, schedule and track project timelines and milestones using appropriate tools Conduct post implementation reviews and recommend improvements Facilitate workshops Develop project plans and associated communications documents Experience required: Business Project Manager with experience leading projects within the London Insurance sector APMP or other Project Management qualification Extensive stakeholder management experience (facetoface), ideally from a Business Analysis background Uptodate Insurance sector market knowledge Benefits: This role attracts an excellent starting salary circa pound;****  pound;**** with extensive benefits including: 15% Bonus Healthcare Pension Life assurance 30 days holiday Superb training, learning and development To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00051.txt " Business Project Manager  London Insurance" " 68544610" " Matchtech Group plc." " Introduction Business Project Manager  Insurance Sector Central London pound;****k  bonus  benefits Are you an AMPM (or equivalent) qualified Business Project Manager with extensive stakeholder management experience within the London Insurance sector? Important APMP or equivalent, Business Change, Project Manager, Project Management, London Insurance, full lifecycle The Job Business Project Manager required in London to work for a leading corporate paying pound;****  bonus  benefits. Responsibilities: You will manage the full lifecycle of quality improvement projects for business processes, compliance and controls in an heavily customer facing role. You will be responsible for improving operating efficiency and distribution channels internationally through implementing new or enhanced services, tools and standards. In the initial phase of the project a lot of your time will be spent on client sites with senior stakeholders gathering information and presenting findings. Delivering significant projects through the complete lifecycle applying project management tools and methodologies Contribute to analysis and deployment work, analysing requirements and proposing changes to processes Ongoing liaison with project stakeholders Ensure that the time and quality of projects are controlled Manage project risks and issues. Where these threaten to derail a project, take ownership and bring the project back on track Liaise with and coordinate the activities of third parties involved in the project Plan, schedule and track project timelines and milestones using appropriate tools Conduct post implementation reviews and recommend improvements Facilitate workshops Develop project plans and associated communications documents Experience required: Business Project Manager with experience leading projects within the London Insurance sector APMP or other Project Management qualification Extensive stakeholder management experience (facetoface), ideally from a Business Analysis background Uptodate Insurance sector market knowledge Benefits: This role attracts an excellent starting salary circa pound;****  pound;**** with extensive benefits including: 15% Bonus Healthcare Pension Life assurance 30 days holiday Superb training, learning and development To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK" "['introduction', 'project', 'insurance', 'sector', 'central', 'london', 'pound', 'bonus', 'benefits', 'equivalent', 'qualified', 'project', 'extensive', 'stakeholder', 'london', 'insurance', 'sector', 'important', 'apmp', 'equivalent', 'change', 'project', 'project', 'london', 'insurance', 'lifecycle', 'project', 'london', 'corporate', 'paying', 'pound', 'bonus', 'benefits', 'responsibilities', 'manage', 'lifecycle', 'quality', 'improvement', 'projects', 'processes', 'compliance', 'controls', 'heavily', 'facing', 'responsible', 'improving', 'operating', 'efficiency', 'distribution', 'channels', 'internationally', 'implementing', 'enhanced', 'tools', 'standards', 'initial', 'phase', 'project', 'lot', 'time', 'spent', 'sites', 'senior', 'stakeholders', 'gathering', 'information', 'presenting', 'findings', 'delivering', 'significant', 'projects', 'complete', 'lifecycle', 'applying', 'project', 'tools', 'methodologies', 'contribute', 'analysis', 'deployment', 'analysing', 'requirements', 'proposing', 'processes', 'ongoing', 'liaison', 'project', 'stakeholders', 'time', 'quality', 'projects', 'controlled', 'manage', 'project', 'risks', 'issues', 'project', 'ownership', 'bring', 'project', 'back', 'track', 'liaise', 'coordinate', 'activities', 'parties', 'involved', 'project', 'plan', 'schedule', 'track', 'project', 'timelines', 'milestones', 'tools', 'conduct', 'post', 'implementation', 'reviews', 'recommend', 'improvements', 'facilitate', 'workshops', 'develop', 'project', 'plans', 'communications', 'documents', 'project', 'projects', 'london', 'insurance', 'sector', 'apmp', 'project', 'qualification', 'extensive', 'stakeholder', 'facetoface', 'ideally', 'analysis', 'background', 'uptodate', 'insurance', 'sector', 'market', 'benefits', 'attracts', 'starting', 'circa', 'pound', 'pound', 'extensive', 'benefits', 'bonus', 'healthcare', 'pension', 'life', 'assurance', 'days', 'holiday', 'superb', 'learning', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'live']" Engineering
"Title: Site Manager
Webindex: 69805343
Company: DUTTON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
Description: Dutton International is a manpower provider to the Oil and Gas, Petrochemical, Power Generation, Marine Construction, Renewable Energy and Construction Industries Worldwide, specialising in the provision of well qualified Professional, Technical and experienced Trades Personnel. Our client is acting as principle managing contractor and are requiring a site manager to run contracts on two sites in Cumbria about **** mins apart. The site manager will run a team of around ten people and as a site manager for both sites. The one project is with a leading pharmeuceutical company for a multi million life sciences build and a publicly funded aerospace project. The candidate will need to be suitably qualified with relevant site managers cards and health and safety tickets. IOSH ideally. If you feel you have all the necessary skills and experience please apply today This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SiteManager_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00078.txt " Site Manager" " 69805343" " DUTTON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED" " Dutton International is a manpower provider to the Oil and Gas, Petrochemical, Power Generation, Marine Construction, Renewable Energy and Construction Industries Worldwide, specialising in the provision of well qualified Professional, Technical and experienced Trades Personnel. Our client is acting as principle managing contractor and are requiring a site manager to run contracts on two sites in Cumbria about **** mins apart. The site manager will run a team of around ten people and as a site manager for both sites. The one project is with a leading pharmeuceutical company for a multi million life sciences build and a publicly funded aerospace project. The candidate will need to be suitably qualified with relevant site managers cards and health and safety tickets. IOSH ideally. If you feel you have all the necessary skills and experience please apply today This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SiteManager_job****" "['international', 'provider', 'oil', 'gas', 'petrochemical', 'power', 'generation', 'marine', 'construction', 'renewable', 'energy', 'construction', 'industries', 'worldwide', 'specialising', 'provision', 'qualified', 'professional', 'technical', 'experienced', 'trades', 'personnel', 'acting', 'principle', 'managing', 'contractor', 'requiring', 'site', 'run', 'contracts', 'sites', 'cumbria', 'site', 'run', 'ten', 'people', 'site', 'sites', 'project', 'multi', 'million', 'life', 'sciences', 'build', 'funded', 'aerospace', 'project', 'suitably', 'qualified', 'relevant', 'site', 'managers', 'cards', 'health', 'safety', 'tickets', 'ideally', 'feel', 'today', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Dementia Unit Manager
Webindex: 68574254
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: We currently have vacancy for a Dementia Unit Manager in Merthyr Tydfil. This home is purposely built and provides specialist healthcare to service users with learning disabilities, dementia and general nursing. As a Unit Manager you will: Have responsibility for managing the unit and staff team to ensure standards of care; promoting independence and dignity and positively enhancing the lives of individuals in our care. Promote high standards of nursing care for you and your team, by ensuring all staff are supervised appropriately and the shift runs in a smooth efficient manner. Ensure the delivery of quality care by continually assessing residents' needs and wishes. Develop, review and update care plans to meet clients' changing physical, social and psychological needs. Communicate professionally and warmly with visitors including family, friends and other external stakeholders. Comply with all legal, regulatory and best practice guidelines. Ensure medicines are appropriately received, stored and administered to clients. You must be an RGN or RMN and you must also have strong communication skills. You will be required to work full time **** hour days 88pm or 77pm" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00532.txt " Dementia Unit Manager" " 68574254" " UKStaffsearch" " We currently have vacancy for a Dementia Unit Manager in Merthyr Tydfil. This home is purposely built and provides specialist healthcare to service users with learning disabilities, dementia and general nursing. As a Unit Manager you will: Have responsibility for managing the unit and staff team to ensure standards of care; promoting independence and dignity and positively enhancing the lives of individuals in our care. Promote high standards of nursing care for you and your team, by ensuring all staff are supervised appropriately and the shift runs in a smooth efficient manner. Ensure the delivery of quality care by continually assessing residents' needs and wishes. Develop, review and update care plans to meet clients' changing physical, social and psychological needs. Communicate professionally and warmly with visitors including family, friends and other external stakeholders. Comply with all legal, regulatory and best practice guidelines. Ensure medicines are appropriately received, stored and administered to clients. You must be an RGN or RMN and you must also have strong communication skills. You will be required to work full time **** hour days 88pm or 77pm" "['vacancy', 'dementia', 'unit', 'built', 'specialist', 'healthcare', 'users', 'learning', 'disabilities', 'dementia', 'general', 'nursing', 'unit', 'responsibility', 'managing', 'unit', 'standards', 'promoting', 'independence', 'dignity', 'positively', 'enhancing', 'lives', 'individuals', 'promote', 'standards', 'nursing', 'ensuring', 'supervised', 'appropriately', 'shift', 'runs', 'smooth', 'efficient', 'manner', 'delivery', 'quality', 'continually', 'assessing', 'residents', 'wishes', 'develop', 'review', 'update', 'plans', 'meet', 'changing', 'physical', 'social', 'psychological', 'communicate', 'professionally', 'warmly', 'visitors', 'family', 'friends', 'external', 'stakeholders', 'comply', 'legal', 'regulatory', 'practice', 'guidelines', 'medicines', 'appropriately', 'received', 'stored', 'administered', 'rgn', 'rmn', 'communication', 'time', 'hour', 'days', 'pm', 'pm']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Pensions Administrator (12Month Contract)
Webindex: 69962730
Company: Abenefit2u
Description: Are you a Pensions Administrator with experience in administrating all types of member events. Ideally you will have both Defined Benefit and Defined Contribution knowledge and the ability to perform manual benefit calculations. We have a great opportunity for a keen and enthusiastic Pensions Administrator to join a friendly inhouse pensions team in central London. This is an interesting and diverse role, working for a fascinating, innovative Global organisation. If you are qualified or currently studying for your QPA/APMI apply without delay; a fantastic 1****month contract. For a full Job Profile about this role, to apply, or for a formal/informal discussion please contact me. Abenefit****u advertise on multiple websites, some of which issue an automatic closing date one month from the date the advertisement is placed. Please therefore ignore any closing dates on actual job sites and always contact us if you would like to apply to one of our vacancies. Abenefit2u Latest Jobs" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00242.txt " Pensions Administrator (12Month Contract)" " 69962730" " Abenefit2u" " Are you a Pensions Administrator with experience in administrating all types of member events. Ideally you will have both Defined Benefit and Defined Contribution knowledge and the ability to perform manual benefit calculations. We have a great opportunity for a keen and enthusiastic Pensions Administrator to join a friendly inhouse pensions team in central London. This is an interesting and diverse role, working for a fascinating, innovative Global organisation. If you are qualified or currently studying for your QPA/APMI apply without delay; a fantastic 1****month contract. For a full Job Profile about this role, to apply, or for a formal/informal discussion please contact me. Abenefit****u advertise on multiple websites, some of which issue an automatic closing date one month from the date the advertisement is placed. Please therefore ignore any closing dates on actual job sites and always contact us if you would like to apply to one of our vacancies. Abenefit2u Latest Jobs" "['pensions', 'administrator', 'types', 'member', 'events', 'ideally', 'defined', 'benefit', 'defined', 'contribution', 'perform', 'manual', 'benefit', 'calculations', 'great', 'keen', 'enthusiastic', 'pensions', 'administrator', 'friendly', 'inhouse', 'pensions', 'central', 'london', 'interesting', 'diverse', 'innovative', 'global', 'organisation', 'qualified', 'studying', 'delay', 'fantastic', 'month', 'contract', 'profile', 'formal', 'informal', 'discussion', 'contact', 'abenefit', 'advertise', 'multiple', 'issue', 'automatic', 'closing', 'date', 'month', 'date', 'advertisement', 'closing', 'dates', 'actual', 'sites', 'contact', 'vacancies', 'abenefit', 'latest', 'jobs']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Sales Manager – premium health club
Webindex: 71849489
Company: Leisurejobs Executive Search
Description: Sales Manager – premium health club Hertfordshire Up to ****k basic  commission  bonus My client is unquestionably the leading premium operator in the Health and Fitness Industry. The size and scale of their club's are in a different league to the competition. We have just started searching for a Sales Manager at one of their top sites in Hertfordshire. The club itself is breath taking with over **** members, so this is a very high profile position. As a result your potential career progression is fantastic. My client loves to promote from within and this is the ideal location to give you the launch pad you need to make the final step to General Manager. In addition, you will receive an industry leading basic and uncapped commission structure. You will be managing a sales team to hit highly demanding targets, so it is integral that you have a proven track record in leading, coaching and mentoring successful teams. As Sales Manager you need to make team KPI's live on a daily basis and you must be prepared to make tough business and personnel decisions. You will need a love of sales and a deep understanding of all areas of the sales process from tour training to complex outreach strategies. The ideal candidate needs to have managed in a highly pressurized, KPI driven environment for at least 2 years. This is not the role for someone who is looking to step up, my client wants somebody who is already at the top of their game. In terms of background, ideally you are already a very sales focused General Manager not necessarily from within the industry, but from a premium environment. My client would also look at a truly outstanding Sales Manager/Regional Sales Manager but only if you have the necessary high end and high volume experience. Due to the high volume of applications only those candidates meeting the above criteria will be shortlisted This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesManagerpremiumhealthclub_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00641.txt " Sales Manager – premium health club" " 71849489" " Leisurejobs Executive Search" " Sales Manager – premium health club Hertfordshire Up to ****k basic  commission  bonus My client is unquestionably the leading premium operator in the Health and Fitness Industry. The size and scale of their club's are in a different league to the competition. We have just started searching for a Sales Manager at one of their top sites in Hertfordshire. The club itself is breath taking with over **** members, so this is a very high profile position. As a result your potential career progression is fantastic. My client loves to promote from within and this is the ideal location to give you the launch pad you need to make the final step to General Manager. In addition, you will receive an industry leading basic and uncapped commission structure. You will be managing a sales team to hit highly demanding targets, so it is integral that you have a proven track record in leading, coaching and mentoring successful teams. As Sales Manager you need to make team KPI's live on a daily basis and you must be prepared to make tough business and personnel decisions. You will need a love of sales and a deep understanding of all areas of the sales process from tour training to complex outreach strategies. The ideal candidate needs to have managed in a highly pressurized, KPI driven environment for at least 2 years. This is not the role for someone who is looking to step up, my client wants somebody who is already at the top of their game. In terms of background, ideally you are already a very sales focused General Manager not necessarily from within the industry, but from a premium environment. My client would also look at a truly outstanding Sales Manager/Regional Sales Manager but only if you have the necessary high end and high volume experience. Due to the high volume of applications only those candidates meeting the above criteria will be shortlisted This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesManagerpremiumhealthclub_job****" "['premium', 'health', 'club', 'hertfordshire', 'basic', 'commission', 'bonus', 'premium', 'operator', 'health', 'fitness', 'industry', 'size', 'scale', 'competition', 'started', 'searching', 'top', 'sites', 'hertfordshire', 'club', 'taking', 'members', 'profile', 'result', 'potential', 'career', 'progression', 'fantastic', 'loves', 'promote', 'ideal', 'location', 'give', 'launch', 'make', 'final', 'step', 'general', 'addition', 'receive', 'industry', 'basic', 'uncapped', 'commission', 'structure', 'managing', 'hit', 'highly', 'demanding', 'targets', 'integral', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'coaching', 'mentoring', 'teams', 'make', ""kpi's"", 'live', 'daily', 'basis', 'prepared', 'make', 'tough', 'personnel', 'decisions', 'love', 'deep', 'understanding', 'areas', 'process', 'complex', 'outreach', 'strategies', 'ideal', 'managed', 'highly', 'kpi', 'driven', 'environment', 'years', 'step', 'top', 'game', 'terms', 'background', 'ideally', 'focused', 'general', 'necessarily', 'industry', 'premium', 'environment', 'outstanding', 'regional', 'end', 'volume', 'due', 'volume', 'applications', 'candidates', 'meeting', 'criteria', 'shortlisted', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Payroll Manager
Webindex: 71188781
Company: Portfolio Payroll Ltd
Description: I am currently helping my client to recruit for a Payroll Manager initially to start as a **** year FTC but highly likely to go permanent after the **** year. This will be a sole role processing the payroll for over **** employees and helping to introduce and implement a new payroll system. You will be required to deal with a lot of starters/leaver's, helping with RTI/ Auto Enrolment, dealing with all year end procedures and expenses. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PayrollManager_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00300.txt " Payroll Manager" " 71188781" " Portfolio Payroll Ltd" " I am currently helping my client to recruit for a Payroll Manager initially to start as a **** year FTC but highly likely to go permanent after the **** year. This will be a sole role processing the payroll for over **** employees and helping to introduce and implement a new payroll system. You will be required to deal with a lot of starters/leaver's, helping with RTI/ Auto Enrolment, dealing with all year end procedures and expenses. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PayrollManager_job****" "['helping', 'recruit', 'payroll', 'initially', 'start', 'year', 'ftc', 'highly', 'permanent', 'year', 'sole', 'processing', 'payroll', 'employees', 'helping', 'implement', 'payroll', 'system', 'deal', 'lot', 'starters', 'helping', 'auto', 'enrolment', 'dealing', 'year', 'end', 'procedures', 'expenses', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Regional Maintenance Engineer
Webindex: 72630830
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Are looking for a role as Regional Maintenance Engineer for a cluster of sites around Kinross, Striling and Washington? If so read on as our client has an exciting opportunity for a Maintenance Engineer to carry out all its maintenance activities to the full with total compliance and in a timely and professional manner. This is a key role within the business where a range of planned and reactive maintenance tasks need to be undertaken, paying particular attention to Health Safety. This will involve electrical and mechanical faultfind and repair of catering equipment and building services. Our client has a diverse range of Catering and Retail outlets and previous experience in these sectors would be desirable. The successful Regional Maintenance Engineer will report to the Company Services Manager and will work closely with site management teams and the Support Centre Helpdesk to ensure both reactive and planned preventative maintenance is completed in an efficient and effective manner. The h ours of work will be a flexible **** per week worked mostly Monday to Friday with the provision of out of hours telephone support to the sites. Some nights away from home will be required. They are looking to recruit a multi skilled maintenance engineer to provide level 1 maintenance support, who is able to work at fast pace, recognise key priorities quickly, thrive on change and take pride in consistently providing great service. In return they will give you all the training and support you need, including, asbestos awareness, H S, specialist equipment, working at height and train the trainer, a company vehicle and great benefits. Requirements  Previous experience of working in a facilities maintenance environment maintaining electrical and catering equipment  Possess a recognised trade qualification in the engineering sector; electrical, plumbing, engineering and ideally qualified to the 17th Edition of IEE Wiring Regulations  Experience in all building maintenance disciplines  Experience of basic plumbing  Basic knowledge of refrigeration, heating and ventilation, contractor processes  Ability to understand financial budgets and experience of working within them  Practical and flexible approach to work with the ability to multitask work under pressure to achieve deadlines  Excellent interpersonal skills  Ability to work on own initiative  Good IT skills; Microsoft Outlook, Word and Excel in particular  Full driving licence New Year new job, click below to apply today." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00068.txt " Regional Maintenance Engineer" " 72630830" " UKStaffsearch" " Are looking for a role as Regional Maintenance Engineer for a cluster of sites around Kinross, Striling and Washington? If so read on as our client has an exciting opportunity for a Maintenance Engineer to carry out all its maintenance activities to the full with total compliance and in a timely and professional manner. This is a key role within the business where a range of planned and reactive maintenance tasks need to be undertaken, paying particular attention to Health Safety. This will involve electrical and mechanical faultfind and repair of catering equipment and building services. Our client has a diverse range of Catering and Retail outlets and previous experience in these sectors would be desirable. The successful Regional Maintenance Engineer will report to the Company Services Manager and will work closely with site management teams and the Support Centre Helpdesk to ensure both reactive and planned preventative maintenance is completed in an efficient and effective manner. The h ours of work will be a flexible **** per week worked mostly Monday to Friday with the provision of out of hours telephone support to the sites. Some nights away from home will be required. They are looking to recruit a multi skilled maintenance engineer to provide level 1 maintenance support, who is able to work at fast pace, recognise key priorities quickly, thrive on change and take pride in consistently providing great service. In return they will give you all the training and support you need, including, asbestos awareness, H S, specialist equipment, working at height and train the trainer, a company vehicle and great benefits. Requirements  Previous experience of working in a facilities maintenance environment maintaining electrical and catering equipment  Possess a recognised trade qualification in the engineering sector; electrical, plumbing, engineering and ideally qualified to the 17th Edition of IEE Wiring Regulations  Experience in all building maintenance disciplines  Experience of basic plumbing  Basic knowledge of refrigeration, heating and ventilation, contractor processes  Ability to understand financial budgets and experience of working within them  Practical and flexible approach to work with the ability to multitask work under pressure to achieve deadlines  Excellent interpersonal skills  Ability to work on own initiative  Good IT skills; Microsoft Outlook, Word and Excel in particular  Full driving licence New Year new job, click below to apply today." "['regional', 'maintenance', 'sites', 'read', 'exciting', 'maintenance', 'carry', 'maintenance', 'activities', 'total', 'compliance', 'timely', 'professional', 'manner', 'key', 'range', 'planned', 'reactive', 'maintenance', 'tasks', 'undertaken', 'paying', 'attention', 'health', 'safety', 'involve', 'electrical', 'mechanical', 'repair', 'catering', 'equipment', 'building', 'diverse', 'range', 'catering', 'retail', 'outlets', 'previous', 'sectors', 'desirable', 'regional', 'maintenance', 'report', 'closely', 'site', 'teams', 'centre', 'reactive', 'planned', 'preventative', 'maintenance', 'completed', 'efficient', 'effective', 'manner', 'flexible', 'week', 'worked', 'monday', 'friday', 'provision', 'hours', 'telephone', 'sites', 'nights', 'recruit', 'multi', 'skilled', 'maintenance', 'level', 'maintenance', 'fast', 'pace', 'recognise', 'key', 'priorities', 'quickly', 'thrive', 'change', 'pride', 'consistently', 'providing', 'great', 'return', 'give', 'asbestos', 'awareness', 'specialist', 'equipment', 'train', 'trainer', 'vehicle', 'great', 'benefits', 'requirements', 'previous', 'facilities', 'maintenance', 'environment', 'maintaining', 'electrical', 'catering', 'equipment', 'possess', 'recognised', 'trade', 'qualification', 'sector', 'electrical', 'plumbing', 'ideally', 'qualified', 'edition', 'wiring', 'regulations', 'building', 'maintenance', 'disciplines', 'basic', 'plumbing', 'basic', 'refrigeration', 'heating', 'ventilation', 'contractor', 'processes', 'understand', 'budgets', 'practical', 'flexible', 'approach', 'multitask', 'pressure', 'achieve', 'deadlines', 'interpersonal', 'initiative', 'microsoft', 'outlook', 'word', 'excel', 'driving', 'licence', 'year', 'click', 'today']" Engineering
"Title: Field Sales Executive  Software/Print Hardware/Document Solutions
Webindex: 69993409
Company: Collaborate Recruitment
Description: Collaborate Recruitment are working in partnership with several clients within the Yorkshire and North West Region. These clients are within the Business Services Sector and we are looking for strong Field Based Sales Professionals who are looking for a new challenge in these locations. We are working with both leaders within this field and independent providers looking to grow. There are opportunities to fit most candidates working within this field. We would like to hear from candidates who are Field Sales Executives/Account Managers with a proven track record selling software/printers/copiers/mailing solutions/document solutions/hardware. Salary ****  **** basic and OTE of ****  **** uncapped commission Plus Car, Laptop, Mobile This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldSalesExecutiveSoftwarePrintHardwareDocumentSolutions_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00714.txt " Field Sales Executive  Software/Print Hardware/Document Solutions" " 69993409" " Collaborate Recruitment" " Collaborate Recruitment are working in partnership with several clients within the Yorkshire and North West Region. These clients are within the Business Services Sector and we are looking for strong Field Based Sales Professionals who are looking for a new challenge in these locations. We are working with both leaders within this field and independent providers looking to grow. There are opportunities to fit most candidates working within this field. We would like to hear from candidates who are Field Sales Executives/Account Managers with a proven track record selling software/printers/copiers/mailing solutions/document solutions/hardware. Salary ****  **** basic and OTE of ****  **** uncapped commission Plus Car, Laptop, Mobile This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldSalesExecutiveSoftwarePrintHardwareDocumentSolutions_job****" "['partnership', 'yorkshire', 'north', 'west', 'region', 'sector', 'field', 'professionals', 'challenge', 'locations', 'leaders', 'field', 'independent', 'providers', 'grow', 'opportunities', 'fit', 'candidates', 'field', 'hear', 'candidates', 'field', 'executives', 'account', 'managers', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'selling', 'software', 'printers', 'copiers', 'solutions', 'document', 'solutions', 'hardware', 'basic', 'ote', 'uncapped', 'commission', 'car', 'laptop', 'mobile', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Deputy Manager
Webindex: 51061143
Description: Deputy Manager  Permanent  Full Time  Wellingborough  **** Compass Associates are currently recruiting for a Deputy Manager who is RGN qualified to work for a medium sized nursing home based in Wellingborough area Suitable candidates will need  Active NMC Pin (RGN preferred) Genuine interest in elderly care Previous experience as a deputy manager This is a full time permanent role. In exchange my client is offering a salary of **** This role is commutable from Wellingborough, Northampton and Huntingdon. For more information and to apply for this role please call Carl at Compass Associates on **** **** and email a copy of you CV to cduttoncompassltd.co.uk" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00493.txt " Deputy Manager" " 51061143"  " Deputy Manager  Permanent  Full Time  Wellingborough  **** Compass Associates are currently recruiting for a Deputy Manager who is RGN qualified to work for a medium sized nursing home based in Wellingborough area Suitable candidates will need  Active NMC Pin (RGN preferred) Genuine interest in elderly care Previous experience as a deputy manager This is a full time permanent role. In exchange my client is offering a salary of **** This role is commutable from Wellingborough, Northampton and Huntingdon. For more information and to apply for this role please call Carl at Compass Associates on **** **** and email a copy of you CV to cduttoncompassltd.co.uk" "['deputy', 'permanent', 'time', 'wellingborough', 'compass', 'associates', 'recruiting', 'deputy', 'rgn', 'qualified', 'medium', 'sized', 'nursing', 'wellingborough', 'area', 'suitable', 'candidates', 'active', 'nmc', 'pin', 'rgn', 'preferred', 'genuine', 'interest', 'elderly', 'previous', 'deputy', 'time', 'permanent', 'exchange', 'offering', 'commutable', 'wellingborough', 'northampton', 'information', 'call', 'carl', 'compass', 'associates', 'email', 'copy', 'cv', 'cduttoncompassltd']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Senior OptoMechanical Engineer  South  ****k****k
Webindex: 71851279
Company: IC 3e
Description: My client based in Kent is heavily involved in the imaging and optical market, and now seeks a Senior Opto Mechanical Engineer to work with Optical, Electronic and System Engineers to design and develop optical systems. This is a lead role and requires relevant mechanical design experience of high performance optics, perhaps in the aerospace or defense industry. Experience in the following is going to be required: Managing and developing BoMs Writing technical documentation and reports Extensive ****D CAD design (Solidworks/ProEngineer) Opto Mechanical systems experience High attention to detail Strong understanding of Finite Element Analysis (FEA) Please get in touch for a further discussion. Keywords: opto mechanical, optomechanical, opto, optical, mechanical, engineer, solidworks IC ****e  your first contact for electronics and engineering jobs. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorOptoMechanicalEngineerSouth****k****k_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00225.txt " Senior OptoMechanical Engineer  South  ****k****k" " 71851279" " IC 3e" " My client based in Kent is heavily involved in the imaging and optical market, and now seeks a Senior Opto Mechanical Engineer to work with Optical, Electronic and System Engineers to design and develop optical systems. This is a lead role and requires relevant mechanical design experience of high performance optics, perhaps in the aerospace or defense industry. Experience in the following is going to be required: Managing and developing BoMs Writing technical documentation and reports Extensive ****D CAD design (Solidworks/ProEngineer) Opto Mechanical systems experience High attention to detail Strong understanding of Finite Element Analysis (FEA) Please get in touch for a further discussion. Keywords: opto mechanical, optomechanical, opto, optical, mechanical, engineer, solidworks IC ****e  your first contact for electronics and engineering jobs. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorOptoMechanicalEngineerSouth****k****k_job****" "['kent', 'heavily', 'involved', 'imaging', 'optical', 'market', 'seeks', 'senior', 'opto', 'mechanical', 'optical', 'electronic', 'system', 'engineers', 'develop', 'optical', 'lead', 'requires', 'relevant', 'mechanical', 'performance', 'optics', 'aerospace', 'defense', 'industry', 'managing', 'developing', 'writing', 'technical', 'documentation', 'reports', 'extensive', 'cad', 'solidworks', 'proengineer', 'opto', 'mechanical', 'attention', 'detail', 'understanding', 'finite', 'element', 'analysis', 'fea', 'touch', 'discussion', 'keywords', 'opto', 'mechanical', 'opto', 'optical', 'mechanical', 'solidworks', 'ic', 'contact', 'electronics', 'jobs', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: PULSE Staffing are currently seeking Nurses to work in a Hospital setting, Sussex
Webindex: 46628059
Description: PULSE Staffing are currently seeking Nurses to work in a Hospital setting within Sussex. We are looking for motivated and enthusiastic staff nurses to work flexible shift patterns in acute & community hospital including earlies, lates, nights and weekends. Succesful candidates will have: Current NMC registration with 6 months minimum post qualification experience Experience in care of people with complex medical and surgical needs Practice knowledge of care planning Good interpersonal skills Reliable and punctual Ability to work as part of a team In return for your working for PULSE we can offer the following benefits:  Top rates of pay  Immediate employment opportunities in your preferred geographical area  Flexible hours to meet your needs  Recommendation bonus for each friend you refer to PULSE  Holiday pay options  Access to the unique PULSE Privilege Scheme  Experienced consultants and support staff who take the complications out of your registration Please click apply today." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00480.txt " PULSE Staffing are currently seeking Nurses to work in a Hospital setting, Sussex" " 46628059"  " PULSE Staffing are currently seeking Nurses to work in a Hospital setting within Sussex. We are looking for motivated and enthusiastic staff nurses to work flexible shift patterns in acute & community hospital including earlies, lates, nights and weekends. Succesful candidates will have: Current NMC registration with 6 months minimum post qualification experience Experience in care of people with complex medical and surgical needs Practice knowledge of care planning Good interpersonal skills Reliable and punctual Ability to work as part of a team In return for your working for PULSE we can offer the following benefits:  Top rates of pay  Immediate employment opportunities in your preferred geographical area  Flexible hours to meet your needs  Recommendation bonus for each friend you refer to PULSE  Holiday pay options  Access to the unique PULSE Privilege Scheme  Experienced consultants and support staff who take the complications out of your registration Please click apply today." "['pulse', 'staffing', 'seeking', 'nurses', 'hospital', 'setting', 'sussex', 'motivated', 'enthusiastic', 'nurses', 'flexible', 'shift', 'patterns', 'acute', 'community', 'hospital', 'nights', 'weekends', 'candidates', 'current', 'nmc', 'registration', 'months', 'minimum', 'post', 'qualification', 'people', 'complex', 'medical', 'surgical', 'practice', 'planning', 'interpersonal', 'reliable', 'punctual', 'part', 'return', 'pulse', 'offer', 'benefits', 'top', 'rates', 'pay', 'employment', 'opportunities', 'preferred', 'geographical', 'area', 'flexible', 'hours', 'meet', 'recommendation', 'bonus', 'friend', 'refer', 'pulse', 'holiday', 'pay', 'options', 'access', 'unique', 'pulse', 'scheme', 'experienced', 'consultants', 'registration', 'click', 'today']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: IFA  EMPLOYED
Webindex: 71356489
Company: Clark James Ltd
Description: Role The purpose of the role is to provide advice via the telephone on leads that have been supplied by the Company Telesales Department. In addition you will provide a face to face review service to the existing client bank. Person Specification Previous Financial Advising experience to include Pensions and Mortgages Proven sales experience Be fully diploma qualified with the capacity to get to Chartered Status Computer literate Have good all round technical knowledge Good working knowledge of compliance requirements Key Responsibilities Provide a holistic financial planning advice service to new and existing clients. You will be responsible for conducting initial meetings with prospective clients both face to face and via the telephone You will need to gather information about clients financial circumstances, goals and objectives to enable appropriate advice to be given Maintain client relationships and be customer focused. Be proactive and enthusiastic in your approach. Weekly reporting to line manager. Weekly reporting on all projects with outcomes and volumes Quarterly reporting to the Exec committee Adhere to working practice of a compliant environment The Company will provide Efficient back office support Full paraplanning support Package Basic salary **** Bonuses are paid by way of % of business written with OTE being **** per annum 4 week paid holiday per annum Group Personal Pension Plan" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00234.txt " IFA  EMPLOYED" " 71356489" " Clark James Ltd" " Role The purpose of the role is to provide advice via the telephone on leads that have been supplied by the Company Telesales Department. In addition you will provide a face to face review service to the existing client bank. Person Specification Previous Financial Advising experience to include Pensions and Mortgages Proven sales experience Be fully diploma qualified with the capacity to get to Chartered Status Computer literate Have good all round technical knowledge Good working knowledge of compliance requirements Key Responsibilities Provide a holistic financial planning advice service to new and existing clients. You will be responsible for conducting initial meetings with prospective clients both face to face and via the telephone You will need to gather information about clients financial circumstances, goals and objectives to enable appropriate advice to be given Maintain client relationships and be customer focused. Be proactive and enthusiastic in your approach. Weekly reporting to line manager. Weekly reporting on all projects with outcomes and volumes Quarterly reporting to the Exec committee Adhere to working practice of a compliant environment The Company will provide Efficient back office support Full paraplanning support Package Basic salary **** Bonuses are paid by way of % of business written with OTE being **** per annum 4 week paid holiday per annum Group Personal Pension Plan" "['purpose', 'advice', 'telephone', 'leads', 'supplied', 'telesales', 'department', 'addition', 'face', 'face', 'review', 'existing', 'bank', 'person', 'specification', 'previous', 'advising', 'include', 'pensions', 'proven', 'fully', 'diploma', 'qualified', 'capacity', 'chartered', 'status', 'computer', 'literate', 'round', 'technical', 'compliance', 'requirements', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'holistic', 'planning', 'advice', 'existing', 'responsible', 'conducting', 'initial', 'meetings', 'prospective', 'face', 'face', 'telephone', 'gather', 'information', 'circumstances', 'goals', 'objectives', 'enable', 'advice', 'maintain', 'relationships', 'focused', 'proactive', 'enthusiastic', 'approach', 'weekly', 'reporting', 'line', 'weekly', 'reporting', 'projects', 'outcomes', 'volumes', 'quarterly', 'reporting', 'exec', 'committee', 'adhere', 'practice', 'compliant', 'environment', 'efficient', 'back', 'office', 'paraplanning', 'package', 'basic', 'bonuses', 'paid', 'written', 'ote', 'annum', 'week', 'paid', 'holiday', 'annum', 'group', 'personal', 'pension', 'plan']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Business Development Manager  Courier Services ****K OTE uncapp
Webindex: 71800229
Company: London4Jobs
Description: Business Development Manager  Courier Services ****K OTE uncapped Job TitleBusiness Development Manager Location Crawley Salary******** Basic  **** OTE uncapped  car, laptop, mobile, health, pension IndustryInternational Courier Services, Logistics, International Package Services, Parcel Services, Express, Next Day, Domestic Courier Services Business Development Manager, Crawley, ****  **** basic  **** OTE uncapped, car, laptop, mobile, health pension The Role A leading global provider of international courier and logistics services requires a new Business Development Manager. You will be responsible for building your own client portfolio, generating sales leads and turning them into new accounts. A full spectrum of international courier services will be available for you to sell to potential and existing clients. Immediate interviews based after qualification for the position. Experience Required You will already be a successful field sales person selling courier or other logistics services. As our new Business Development Manager you must be a new business hunter, although you will be able to manage and grow these new accounts for a period of time. Experience in selling international courier services rather than just domestic courier services would be a distinct advantage. You will be targeting all industries and sizes of companies dependent on potential sales return but if you have closed large international logistics deals then this would also be advantageous. The Company A leading global logistics and supply chain provider employing top Business Development Managers from within the courier industry. Our clients range from SME's to Tier **** and Tier **** level businesses within a variety of industries. Our international courier and logistics services cover everything from same day, express, overnight, international and specialised. Our Business Development Managers receive training second to none to enable them to sell our complete range of logistics services and surpass their sales targets. The Package A competitive basic salary of between ******** basic and an achievable uncapped OTE **** is on offer for the international courier services Business Development Manager. This is dependent on your required level of experience and previous sales performance in creating new business within the logistics industry. This extensive package also includes a company car, mobile, laptop, health and pension benefits. We have over **** live roles to offer and specialise in sales recruitment. Current vacancies for Sales Managers, Sales Executives, Business Development Managers selling International Courier Services, Freight, Express Courier, Air Freight, Sea Freight, Mail, International Package Services, Logistics, Supply Chain Management . Send your CV to a consultant for advice on your next career move. This job was originally posted as N/A .uk/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentManagerCourierServices****KOTEuncapp_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00769.txt " Business Development Manager  Courier Services ****K OTE uncapp" " 71800229" " London4Jobs" " Business Development Manager  Courier Services ****K OTE uncapped Job TitleBusiness Development Manager Location Crawley Salary******** Basic  **** OTE uncapped  car, laptop, mobile, health, pension IndustryInternational Courier Services, Logistics, International Package Services, Parcel Services, Express, Next Day, Domestic Courier Services Business Development Manager, Crawley, ****  **** basic  **** OTE uncapped, car, laptop, mobile, health pension The Role A leading global provider of international courier and logistics services requires a new Business Development Manager. You will be responsible for building your own client portfolio, generating sales leads and turning them into new accounts. A full spectrum of international courier services will be available for you to sell to potential and existing clients. Immediate interviews based after qualification for the position. Experience Required You will already be a successful field sales person selling courier or other logistics services. As our new Business Development Manager you must be a new business hunter, although you will be able to manage and grow these new accounts for a period of time. Experience in selling international courier services rather than just domestic courier services would be a distinct advantage. You will be targeting all industries and sizes of companies dependent on potential sales return but if you have closed large international logistics deals then this would also be advantageous. The Company A leading global logistics and supply chain provider employing top Business Development Managers from within the courier industry. Our clients range from SME's to Tier **** and Tier **** level businesses within a variety of industries. Our international courier and logistics services cover everything from same day, express, overnight, international and specialised. Our Business Development Managers receive training second to none to enable them to sell our complete range of logistics services and surpass their sales targets. The Package A competitive basic salary of between ******** basic and an achievable uncapped OTE **** is on offer for the international courier services Business Development Manager. This is dependent on your required level of experience and previous sales performance in creating new business within the logistics industry. This extensive package also includes a company car, mobile, laptop, health and pension benefits. We have over **** live roles to offer and specialise in sales recruitment. Current vacancies for Sales Managers, Sales Executives, Business Development Managers selling International Courier Services, Freight, Express Courier, Air Freight, Sea Freight, Mail, International Package Services, Logistics, Supply Chain Management . Send your CV to a consultant for advice on your next career move. This job was originally posted as N/A .uk/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentManagerCourierServices****KOTEuncapp_job****" "['courier', 'ote', 'uncapped', 'location', 'crawley', 'basic', 'ote', 'uncapped', 'car', 'laptop', 'mobile', 'health', 'pension', 'courier', 'logistics', 'international', 'package', 'express', 'day', 'domestic', 'courier', 'crawley', 'basic', 'ote', 'uncapped', 'car', 'laptop', 'mobile', 'health', 'pension', 'global', 'provider', 'international', 'courier', 'logistics', 'requires', 'responsible', 'building', 'portfolio', 'generating', 'leads', 'turning', 'accounts', 'spectrum', 'international', 'courier', 'sell', 'potential', 'existing', 'interviews', 'qualification', 'field', 'person', 'selling', 'courier', 'logistics', 'hunter', 'manage', 'grow', 'accounts', 'period', 'time', 'selling', 'international', 'courier', 'domestic', 'courier', 'distinct', 'advantage', 'targeting', 'industries', 'sizes', 'companies', 'dependent', 'potential', 'return', 'closed', 'large', 'international', 'logistics', 'deals', 'advantageous', 'global', 'logistics', 'supply', 'chain', 'provider', 'employing', 'top', 'managers', 'courier', 'industry', 'range', ""sme's"", 'tier', 'tier', 'level', 'businesses', 'variety', 'industries', 'international', 'courier', 'logistics', 'cover', 'day', 'express', 'overnight', 'international', 'specialised', 'managers', 'receive', 'enable', 'sell', 'complete', 'range', 'logistics', 'targets', 'package', 'competitive', 'basic', 'basic', 'achievable', 'uncapped', 'ote', 'offer', 'international', 'courier', 'dependent', 'level', 'previous', 'performance', 'creating', 'logistics', 'industry', 'extensive', 'package', 'includes', 'car', 'mobile', 'laptop', 'health', 'pension', 'benefits', 'live', 'roles', 'offer', 'specialise', 'current', 'vacancies', 'managers', 'executives', 'managers', 'selling', 'international', 'courier', 'freight', 'express', 'courier', 'air', 'freight', 'sea', 'freight', 'mail', 'international', 'package', 'logistics', 'supply', 'chain', 'send', 'cv', 'consultant', 'advice', 'career', 'move', 'originally', 'posted', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Service and Installation Manager
Webindex: 68218431
Company: Chameleon Recruitment
Description: My client are an award winning, market leader in the Innovation, Design and Manufacture of aluminium and stainless steel equipment for a wide range of industries including the food, pharmaceutical and hygiene industry. They are currently recruiting for a Service and Installation Manager. Job Summary: To coordinate the installation, repair and service of all relevant equipment and to ensure appropriate after sales service to all customers.Key Duties Total responsibility for the profitability of the service and installation department Total responsibility for spare part sales Development and coordination of service contracts Coordination of all installations Provision of excellent customer service Ensuring Health and Safety legislation is adhered to (producing Risk assessments and method statements) Managing a team of Site Engineers (worldwide) Managing an internal team of technical operatives and administrators PERSONNEL SPECIFICATION Key Performance Indicators Effective coordination of all installation work Development of service contracts Increase in the sales of spare parts and services Skills and Knowledge Knowledge and understanding of fabrication processes Knowledge and understanding of service contracts Knowledge and understanding of spare parts Knowledge and understanding of installation, repair and service process Knowledge and understanding of complying Risk assessments and method statements and other health and safety documentation Experience Experience of organising the installation of capital equipment is essential Experience of service contracts is essential Experience of the food and pharmaceutical and or veterinary industry is an advantage Man management experience Personal Qualities Bright, attractive personality Effective organisational skills Good time and attendance, reliability and commitment Good communication and interpersonal skills Ability to work on own initiative Teamworking skills and approach to work Practical approach to work with good common sense Proactive approach to work Assertive and persistent Motivation and Expectations Personal pride to work to ensure good results Desire to be part of a winning production team They are offering a basic salary of ****k depending on experience, please call Dan on (Apply online only) to discuss or apply now with your CV" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00213.txt " Service and Installation Manager" " 68218431" " Chameleon Recruitment" " My client are an award winning, market leader in the Innovation, Design and Manufacture of aluminium and stainless steel equipment for a wide range of industries including the food, pharmaceutical and hygiene industry. They are currently recruiting for a Service and Installation Manager. Job Summary: To coordinate the installation, repair and service of all relevant equipment and to ensure appropriate after sales service to all customers.Key Duties Total responsibility for the profitability of the service and installation department Total responsibility for spare part sales Development and coordination of service contracts Coordination of all installations Provision of excellent customer service Ensuring Health and Safety legislation is adhered to (producing Risk assessments and method statements) Managing a team of Site Engineers (worldwide) Managing an internal team of technical operatives and administrators PERSONNEL SPECIFICATION Key Performance Indicators Effective coordination of all installation work Development of service contracts Increase in the sales of spare parts and services Skills and Knowledge Knowledge and understanding of fabrication processes Knowledge and understanding of service contracts Knowledge and understanding of spare parts Knowledge and understanding of installation, repair and service process Knowledge and understanding of complying Risk assessments and method statements and other health and safety documentation Experience Experience of organising the installation of capital equipment is essential Experience of service contracts is essential Experience of the food and pharmaceutical and or veterinary industry is an advantage Man management experience Personal Qualities Bright, attractive personality Effective organisational skills Good time and attendance, reliability and commitment Good communication and interpersonal skills Ability to work on own initiative Teamworking skills and approach to work Practical approach to work with good common sense Proactive approach to work Assertive and persistent Motivation and Expectations Personal pride to work to ensure good results Desire to be part of a winning production team They are offering a basic salary of ****k depending on experience, please call Dan on (Apply online only) to discuss or apply now with your CV" "['award', 'winning', 'market', 'leader', 'innovation', 'manufacture', 'aluminium', 'stainless', 'steel', 'equipment', 'wide', 'range', 'industries', 'food', 'pharmaceutical', 'hygiene', 'industry', 'recruiting', 'installation', 'summary', 'coordinate', 'installation', 'repair', 'relevant', 'equipment', 'customers', 'key', 'duties', 'total', 'responsibility', 'profitability', 'installation', 'department', 'total', 'responsibility', 'spare', 'part', 'coordination', 'contracts', 'coordination', 'installations', 'provision', 'ensuring', 'health', 'safety', 'legislation', 'adhered', 'producing', 'risk', 'assessments', 'method', 'statements', 'managing', 'site', 'engineers', 'worldwide', 'managing', 'internal', 'technical', 'operatives', 'administrators', 'personnel', 'specification', 'key', 'performance', 'indicators', 'effective', 'coordination', 'installation', 'contracts', 'increase', 'spare', 'parts', 'understanding', 'fabrication', 'processes', 'understanding', 'contracts', 'understanding', 'spare', 'parts', 'understanding', 'installation', 'repair', 'process', 'understanding', 'complying', 'risk', 'assessments', 'method', 'statements', 'health', 'safety', 'documentation', 'organising', 'installation', 'capital', 'equipment', 'essential', 'contracts', 'essential', 'food', 'pharmaceutical', 'industry', 'advantage', 'man', 'personal', 'qualities', 'bright', 'attractive', 'personality', 'effective', 'organisational', 'time', 'attendance', 'reliability', 'commitment', 'communication', 'interpersonal', 'initiative', 'teamworking', 'approach', 'practical', 'approach', 'common', 'sense', 'proactive', 'approach', 'assertive', 'motivation', 'expectations', 'personal', 'pride', 'results', 'desire', 'part', 'winning', 'production', 'offering', 'basic', 'depending', 'call', 'dan', 'online', 'discuss', 'cv']" Engineering
"Title: Mechanical Bias Shift Manager
Webindex: 69600129
Company: Fawkes and Reece Technical
Description: M and E Shift Manager Building Services Shift Manager Mechanical Bias Shift Manager HVAC Shift Manager Location City of London Permanent ****k Job Reference VAC  AJC **** Company Fawkes Reece Contact Anthony Coen Job Type Contract Job Description Mechanical Bias Shift Manager M and E Shift Manager Building Services Shift Manager HVAC Shift Manager Our Client One of the largest specialist HVAC maintenance and facilities companies with current annual turnover of approx ********0 million They are market leaders in their field of business The Role To assume management responsibility for a team of shift based and sub  contractors responsible for delivering PPM, fault breakdown, and scheduled maintenance services within a defined group of client buildings. Processes ****) Provide direction and leadership of a site based multiskilled maintenance team including subcontractors within defined portfolio of buildings ensuring that staff deliver PPM corrective/repair works in accordance with building/asset maintenance requirements, best practice and quality standards ****) Act as technical authority providing advice and assistance to maintenance team as required ****) Act on initiatives/ ideas contributing to potential improvements in service levels, cost reduction etc ****) Provide input into development of the forward maintenance plan ****) Oversee Work Permit/ Client permit system to ensure contract compliance and health and safety is upheld Staff 1) Provide direction and leadership to a team of multi skilled technicians operating on a twentyfour/seven and day shift basis ****) Ensure shift Engineers are competent within defined specification contract requirements ****) Assessing employees in terms of experience and job performance ****) Carry out quarterly ****s ****) Training and develop staff ****) Ensure HR policies and procedures are adhered to. 7) Must have 8 years management experience of working within data centres and critical environments specifically Mechanical Bias As one of the UK's leading recruiters, Fawkes Reece specialises in all areas of Building Services including; Air Conditioning Engineers, Commercial Gas Engineers, Domestic Gas Engineers, Electrical Engineers, Multi Skilled Engineers and professional roles including Building Services Project Managers, Building Services Managers, Building Services Engineers, Building Services Estimators, Building Services Quantity Surveyors, Building Services Design Engineers, Building Services Business Development Managers at all levels. Please call Anthony Coen on **** **** **** or alternatively email acoenfrlondon.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MechanicalBiasShiftManager_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00192.txt " Mechanical Bias Shift Manager" " 69600129" " Fawkes and Reece Technical" " M and E Shift Manager Building Services Shift Manager Mechanical Bias Shift Manager HVAC Shift Manager Location City of London Permanent ****k Job Reference VAC  AJC **** Company Fawkes Reece Contact Anthony Coen Job Type Contract Job Description Mechanical Bias Shift Manager M and E Shift Manager Building Services Shift Manager HVAC Shift Manager Our Client One of the largest specialist HVAC maintenance and facilities companies with current annual turnover of approx ********0 million They are market leaders in their field of business The Role To assume management responsibility for a team of shift based and sub  contractors responsible for delivering PPM, fault breakdown, and scheduled maintenance services within a defined group of client buildings. Processes ****) Provide direction and leadership of a site based multiskilled maintenance team including subcontractors within defined portfolio of buildings ensuring that staff deliver PPM corrective/repair works in accordance with building/asset maintenance requirements, best practice and quality standards ****) Act as technical authority providing advice and assistance to maintenance team as required ****) Act on initiatives/ ideas contributing to potential improvements in service levels, cost reduction etc ****) Provide input into development of the forward maintenance plan ****) Oversee Work Permit/ Client permit system to ensure contract compliance and health and safety is upheld Staff 1) Provide direction and leadership to a team of multi skilled technicians operating on a twentyfour/seven and day shift basis ****) Ensure shift Engineers are competent within defined specification contract requirements ****) Assessing employees in terms of experience and job performance ****) Carry out quarterly ****s ****) Training and develop staff ****) Ensure HR policies and procedures are adhered to. 7) Must have 8 years management experience of working within data centres and critical environments specifically Mechanical Bias As one of the UK's leading recruiters, Fawkes Reece specialises in all areas of Building Services including; Air Conditioning Engineers, Commercial Gas Engineers, Domestic Gas Engineers, Electrical Engineers, Multi Skilled Engineers and professional roles including Building Services Project Managers, Building Services Managers, Building Services Engineers, Building Services Estimators, Building Services Quantity Surveyors, Building Services Design Engineers, Building Services Business Development Managers at all levels. Please call Anthony Coen on **** **** **** or alternatively email acoenfrlondon.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MechanicalBiasShiftManager_job****" "['shift', 'building', 'shift', 'mechanical', 'bias', 'shift', 'hvac', 'shift', 'location', 'city', 'london', 'permanent', 'reference', 'vac', 'fawkes', 'reece', 'contact', 'anthony', 'coen', 'type', 'contract', 'description', 'mechanical', 'bias', 'shift', 'shift', 'building', 'shift', 'hvac', 'shift', 'largest', 'specialist', 'hvac', 'maintenance', 'facilities', 'companies', 'current', 'annual', 'turnover', 'approx', 'million', 'market', 'leaders', 'field', 'assume', 'responsibility', 'shift', 'contractors', 'responsible', 'delivering', 'ppm', 'fault', 'breakdown', 'scheduled', 'maintenance', 'defined', 'group', 'buildings', 'processes', 'direction', 'leadership', 'site', 'multiskilled', 'maintenance', 'subcontractors', 'defined', 'portfolio', 'buildings', 'ensuring', 'deliver', 'ppm', 'corrective', 'repair', 'works', 'accordance', 'building', 'asset', 'maintenance', 'requirements', 'practice', 'quality', 'standards', 'act', 'technical', 'authority', 'providing', 'advice', 'assistance', 'maintenance', 'act', 'initiatives', 'ideas', 'contributing', 'potential', 'improvements', 'levels', 'cost', 'input', 'forward', 'maintenance', 'plan', 'oversee', 'permit', 'permit', 'system', 'contract', 'compliance', 'health', 'safety', 'direction', 'leadership', 'multi', 'skilled', 'technicians', 'operating', 'twentyfour', 'day', 'shift', 'basis', 'shift', 'engineers', 'competent', 'defined', 'specification', 'contract', 'requirements', 'assessing', 'employees', 'terms', 'performance', 'carry', 'quarterly', 'develop', 'hr', 'policies', 'procedures', 'adhered', 'years', 'data', 'centres', 'critical', 'environments', 'specifically', 'mechanical', 'bias', ""uk's"", 'recruiters', 'fawkes', 'reece', 'specialises', 'areas', 'building', 'air', 'conditioning', 'engineers', 'commercial', 'gas', 'engineers', 'domestic', 'gas', 'engineers', 'electrical', 'engineers', 'multi', 'skilled', 'engineers', 'professional', 'roles', 'building', 'project', 'managers', 'building', 'managers', 'building', 'engineers', 'building', 'building', 'quantity', 'surveyors', 'building', 'engineers', 'building', 'managers', 'levels', 'call', 'anthony', 'coen', 'alternatively', 'email', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Electrical Fitter
Webindex: 71763997
Description: Our client is a world leader in the manufacture, modification and servicing of specialist products for the rail industry. Currently they are looking for experienced Electrical Fitters to strengthen their existing team. The work will involve the repair and rebuild of machinery and equipment and carrying out fault finding and rectification where necessary. Candidates must hold a recognised relevant qualification and have a proven track record in similar work. The ability to read electrical diagrams is essential and some previous panel and or rail rolling stock experience would also be useful. This is potentially a long term role for the right candidates. Located in Burton on Trent this position is commutable from Derby, Swadlincote, Castle Donnington, Loughborough, Lichfield, Uttoxeter, Hatton, Tutbury, Newhall, Hilton To apply for this exciting position please email your current CV to engineeringetsgroup.com quoting job reference BURELF ETS Workforce Ltd is an independent Recruitment Agency based in the East Midlands specialising in the placement of permanent and temporary blue and white collar engineering staff. In this instance we are operating as a Recruitment Business With years of combined recruitment experience, our primary focus is to provide both clients and job seekers with a quality, accountable service, based on an honest, consultative approach. Further Information can be found on our website" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00227.txt " Electrical Fitter" " 71763997"  " Our client is a world leader in the manufacture, modification and servicing of specialist products for the rail industry. Currently they are looking for experienced Electrical Fitters to strengthen their existing team. The work will involve the repair and rebuild of machinery and equipment and carrying out fault finding and rectification where necessary. Candidates must hold a recognised relevant qualification and have a proven track record in similar work. The ability to read electrical diagrams is essential and some previous panel and or rail rolling stock experience would also be useful. This is potentially a long term role for the right candidates. Located in Burton on Trent this position is commutable from Derby, Swadlincote, Castle Donnington, Loughborough, Lichfield, Uttoxeter, Hatton, Tutbury, Newhall, Hilton To apply for this exciting position please email your current CV to engineeringetsgroup.com quoting job reference BURELF ETS Workforce Ltd is an independent Recruitment Agency based in the East Midlands specialising in the placement of permanent and temporary blue and white collar engineering staff. In this instance we are operating as a Recruitment Business With years of combined recruitment experience, our primary focus is to provide both clients and job seekers with a quality, accountable service, based on an honest, consultative approach. Further Information can be found on our website" "['world', 'leader', 'manufacture', 'modification', 'servicing', 'specialist', 'products', 'rail', 'industry', 'experienced', 'electrical', 'fitters', 'strengthen', 'existing', 'involve', 'repair', 'rebuild', 'machinery', 'equipment', 'carrying', 'fault', 'finding', 'rectification', 'candidates', 'hold', 'recognised', 'relevant', 'qualification', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'similar', 'read', 'electrical', 'diagrams', 'essential', 'previous', 'panel', 'rail', 'rolling', 'stock', 'potentially', 'long', 'term', 'candidates', 'located', 'trent', 'commutable', 'derby', 'loughborough', 'exciting', 'email', 'current', 'cv', 'quoting', 'reference', 'ets', 'workforce', 'independent', 'agency', 'east', 'midlands', 'specialising', 'placement', 'permanent', 'temporary', 'blue', 'white', 'instance', 'operating', 'years', 'combined', 'primary', 'focus', 'seekers', 'quality', 'accountable', 'honest', 'consultative', 'approach', 'information', 'found', 'website']" Engineering
"Title: Solidworks Design Engineer
Webindex: 72690626
Company: Premier Group
Description: Premier Engineering is working with a word leading manufacturing company based in West Yorkshire who is looking for a Mechanical Design Engineer to join a thriving engineering business. The company are looking to expand its team on a permanent basis. The successful candidate will be primarily responsible for producing concept, draft and final specification engineering and bespoke drawings in response to customer demands within the emergency medical and recuse environments. The candidate will also be involved in customer briefings, design presentations and will include liaison with the company s manufacturing and R D departments to ensure progression from concepts to designs are regulated. The Mechanical Design Engineer is required to have the below skills and experience: Skills Abilities To have at least a HND (or equivalent) in Mechanical Engineering Engineering background with knowledge of Specialist Engineering, Fabrication, Castings Mouldings and Assembly. Be proficient in the use of Solidworks. Experience working with electrical or hydraulic systems would be an advantage. Understand and apply general mechanical engineering principles. Knowledge/ understanding of how manufacturing/ process engineering works in a relevant industry. (Medical) Along with these skills and knowledge the Mechanical Design Engineer is expected to perform the following duties: Key Responsibilities: Liaison with manufacturing and R D departments. Using Solidworks to produce concept, draft and final specification engineering and bespoke drawings. Design presentations. The Salary for the Mechanical Design engineer role is in the range of ****k (negotiable)  benefits. For more information regarding this role please contact Cavelle on **** **** **** Premier Engineering is acting as an employment agency in relation to this role." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00020.txt " Solidworks Design Engineer" " 72690626" " Premier Group" " Premier Engineering is working with a word leading manufacturing company based in West Yorkshire who is looking for a Mechanical Design Engineer to join a thriving engineering business. The company are looking to expand its team on a permanent basis. The successful candidate will be primarily responsible for producing concept, draft and final specification engineering and bespoke drawings in response to customer demands within the emergency medical and recuse environments. The candidate will also be involved in customer briefings, design presentations and will include liaison with the company s manufacturing and R D departments to ensure progression from concepts to designs are regulated. The Mechanical Design Engineer is required to have the below skills and experience: Skills Abilities To have at least a HND (or equivalent) in Mechanical Engineering Engineering background with knowledge of Specialist Engineering, Fabrication, Castings Mouldings and Assembly. Be proficient in the use of Solidworks. Experience working with electrical or hydraulic systems would be an advantage. Understand and apply general mechanical engineering principles. Knowledge/ understanding of how manufacturing/ process engineering works in a relevant industry. (Medical) Along with these skills and knowledge the Mechanical Design Engineer is expected to perform the following duties: Key Responsibilities: Liaison with manufacturing and R D departments. Using Solidworks to produce concept, draft and final specification engineering and bespoke drawings. Design presentations. The Salary for the Mechanical Design engineer role is in the range of ****k (negotiable)  benefits. For more information regarding this role please contact Cavelle on **** **** **** Premier Engineering is acting as an employment agency in relation to this role." "['premier', 'word', 'manufacturing', 'west', 'yorkshire', 'mechanical', 'thriving', 'expand', 'permanent', 'basis', 'primarily', 'responsible', 'producing', 'concept', 'draft', 'final', 'specification', 'bespoke', 'drawings', 'response', 'demands', 'emergency', 'medical', 'environments', 'involved', 'briefings', 'presentations', 'include', 'liaison', 'manufacturing', 'departments', 'progression', 'concepts', 'designs', 'regulated', 'mechanical', 'abilities', 'hnd', 'equivalent', 'mechanical', 'background', 'specialist', 'fabrication', 'castings', 'mouldings', 'assembly', 'proficient', 'solidworks', 'electrical', 'hydraulic', 'advantage', 'understand', 'general', 'mechanical', 'principles', 'understanding', 'manufacturing', 'process', 'works', 'relevant', 'industry', 'medical', 'mechanical', 'expected', 'perform', 'duties', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'liaison', 'manufacturing', 'departments', 'solidworks', 'produce', 'concept', 'draft', 'final', 'specification', 'bespoke', 'drawings', 'presentations', 'mechanical', 'range', 'negotiable', 'benefits', 'information', 'contact', 'premier', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation']" Engineering
"Title: Marine Systems Design Engineer
Webindex: 69121415
Description: Take a leading role in the delivery of the design output required to adequately populate the Product Data Management System in the vessel Systems categories of the Product Breakdown Structure to support Workpackages for projects in Production. Carry out sufficient technical analysis to determine that vessels Systems designs are fit for purpose and comply with the relevant rules and regulations. Oversee and contribute to the preliminary and later detailed design and modelling of hovercraft systems using Solidworks software. Assist the Naval Architect with the weight control and estimating process for all product development and production projects. Submit plans and documentation to Classification Societies and Statutory Authorities to meet project requirements. Work to the deadlines set to support Product Development and Production Projects. Work with the rest of the team to use consistent components across the product range. Liaise with suppliers and subcontractors to develop hovercraft system solutions. Contribute to all phases of the Product Development Process. Help to ensure that adequate Quality controls and procedures are defined in the Workpackages to reduce rework and failures. Identify cost and labour saving ideas and work with other team members to evaluate realistic opportunities and get them adopted when agreed. Work with the Technical Team Engineers and the Chief Engineer to develop the GHL Product Range and integrate all systems. Assist the Operations Manager and Production Team Leaders to understand the technical requirements of the Workpackages. Education/Skills Great attention to detail with to ensure that outputs are accurate. Excellent team working skills. Excellent analytical and problem solving skills Qualified as a Chartered or Incorporated Engineer or be in the process of gaining relevantexperience . Minimum of BEng level qualification preferably MEng degree in Mechanical Engineering or similar subject. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00195.txt " Marine Systems Design Engineer" " 69121415"  " Take a leading role in the delivery of the design output required to adequately populate the Product Data Management System in the vessel Systems categories of the Product Breakdown Structure to support Workpackages for projects in Production. Carry out sufficient technical analysis to determine that vessels Systems designs are fit for purpose and comply with the relevant rules and regulations. Oversee and contribute to the preliminary and later detailed design and modelling of hovercraft systems using Solidworks software. Assist the Naval Architect with the weight control and estimating process for all product development and production projects. Submit plans and documentation to Classification Societies and Statutory Authorities to meet project requirements. Work to the deadlines set to support Product Development and Production Projects. Work with the rest of the team to use consistent components across the product range. Liaise with suppliers and subcontractors to develop hovercraft system solutions. Contribute to all phases of the Product Development Process. Help to ensure that adequate Quality controls and procedures are defined in the Workpackages to reduce rework and failures. Identify cost and labour saving ideas and work with other team members to evaluate realistic opportunities and get them adopted when agreed. Work with the Technical Team Engineers and the Chief Engineer to develop the GHL Product Range and integrate all systems. Assist the Operations Manager and Production Team Leaders to understand the technical requirements of the Workpackages. Education/Skills Great attention to detail with to ensure that outputs are accurate. Excellent team working skills. Excellent analytical and problem solving skills Qualified as a Chartered or Incorporated Engineer or be in the process of gaining relevantexperience . Minimum of BEng level qualification preferably MEng degree in Mechanical Engineering or similar subject. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy." "['delivery', 'output', 'adequately', 'product', 'data', 'system', 'categories', 'product', 'breakdown', 'structure', 'workpackages', 'projects', 'production', 'carry', 'sufficient', 'technical', 'analysis', 'determine', 'vessels', 'designs', 'fit', 'purpose', 'comply', 'relevant', 'rules', 'regulations', 'oversee', 'contribute', 'preliminary', 'detailed', 'modelling', 'hovercraft', 'solidworks', 'software', 'assist', 'naval', 'architect', 'control', 'estimating', 'process', 'product', 'production', 'projects', 'submit', 'plans', 'documentation', 'classification', 'statutory', 'authorities', 'meet', 'project', 'requirements', 'deadlines', 'set', 'product', 'production', 'projects', 'rest', 'consistent', 'components', 'product', 'range', 'liaise', 'suppliers', 'subcontractors', 'develop', 'hovercraft', 'system', 'solutions', 'contribute', 'phases', 'product', 'process', 'adequate', 'quality', 'controls', 'procedures', 'defined', 'workpackages', 'reduce', 'rework', 'failures', 'identify', 'cost', 'labour', 'saving', 'ideas', 'members', 'evaluate', 'realistic', 'opportunities', 'adopted', 'agreed', 'technical', 'engineers', 'chief', 'develop', 'product', 'range', 'integrate', 'assist', 'operations', 'production', 'leaders', 'understand', 'technical', 'requirements', 'workpackages', 'education', 'great', 'attention', 'detail', 'outputs', 'accurate', 'analytical', 'problem', 'solving', 'qualified', 'chartered', 'incorporated', 'process', 'gaining', 'minimum', 'beng', 'level', 'qualification', 'preferably', 'meng', 'degree', 'mechanical', 'similar', 'subject', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'live', 'matchtech', 'acting', 'employment', 'relation', 'vacancy']" Engineering
"Title: Senior HVAC Design Engineer (M E Building Services)
Webindex: 62113808
Company: Penrhyn Williams Recruitment Ltd
Description: Established London practice of M&E Consulting Engineers with projects ****k to 20M M&E Services value across a wide range of sectors in the Southeast and also overseas seeks to appoint a highly capable, designfocused Senior Mechanical Building Services Engineer due to recent success in winning new longterm projects. Joining a close knit, professional, stable team, the successful applicant will be able to demonstrate significant experience of HVAC Services design, gained with either M&E Consultants or large D&B Contractors, and the ability to confidently handle onsite monitoring of contractors, design modifications, approval of working drawings etc. Candidates should be qualified to minimum HNC level and have a track record of taking design projects from inception through to completion of build stage and resolution of any subsequent defects. Our client has a highly diverse mix of projects presently including Government, Commercial Office, Banking, Boutique Retail, School & HighEnd Residential developments and offers a varied and interesting workload for the successful applicant." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00093.txt " Senior HVAC Design Engineer (M E Building Services)" " 62113808" " Penrhyn Williams Recruitment Ltd" " Established London practice of M&E Consulting Engineers with projects ****k to 20M M&E Services value across a wide range of sectors in the Southeast and also overseas seeks to appoint a highly capable, designfocused Senior Mechanical Building Services Engineer due to recent success in winning new longterm projects. Joining a close knit, professional, stable team, the successful applicant will be able to demonstrate significant experience of HVAC Services design, gained with either M&E Consultants or large D&B Contractors, and the ability to confidently handle onsite monitoring of contractors, design modifications, approval of working drawings etc. Candidates should be qualified to minimum HNC level and have a track record of taking design projects from inception through to completion of build stage and resolution of any subsequent defects. Our client has a highly diverse mix of projects presently including Government, Commercial Office, Banking, Boutique Retail, School & HighEnd Residential developments and offers a varied and interesting workload for the successful applicant." "['established', 'london', 'practice', 'consulting', 'engineers', 'projects', 'wide', 'range', 'sectors', 'overseas', 'seeks', 'appoint', 'highly', 'capable', 'senior', 'mechanical', 'building', 'due', 'recent', 'success', 'winning', 'longterm', 'projects', 'joining', 'close', 'knit', 'professional', 'stable', 'applicant', 'demonstrate', 'significant', 'hvac', 'gained', 'consultants', 'large', 'contractors', 'confidently', 'handle', 'onsite', 'monitoring', 'contractors', 'modifications', 'approval', 'drawings', 'candidates', 'qualified', 'minimum', 'hnc', 'level', 'track', 'record', 'taking', 'projects', 'inception', 'completion', 'build', 'stage', 'resolution', 'subsequent', 'defects', 'highly', 'diverse', 'mix', 'projects', 'government', 'commercial', 'office', 'banking', 'boutique', 'retail', 'school', 'highend', 'residential', 'developments', 'offers', 'varied', 'interesting', 'workload', 'applicant']" Engineering
"Title: Optical Technician
Webindex: 69993139
Company: Champion Technical
Description: My client, based in Oxford is looking for an Optical Technician to work alongside a skilled team of engineers, and design professionals who seek to develop new and innovative vision correction products. As an optical Technician, you will be involved in the test and assembly of optical products on an ongoing temporary basis. The successful candidate with have some experience of calibrating advanced products. As Optical Technician, you will also carry out the following:  Using computer aided machinery to form new lenses  A ssembling and testing products to ensure quality  Using different methods of machinery to develop the latest products  Grind, smooth and polish the lenses  Apply finishing touches using polishes, glazes, and tints. The ideal candidate will have the following:  High levels of accuracy is essential  Good a mechanical aptitude with fine handwork  Sound level of Mathematics Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of a person's gender, marital status, race, religion, colour, age, disability or sexual orientation. Each candidate will be assessed only in accordance with their merits, qualifications and ability to perform the duties of the job. Champion Technical, a specialist division of Champion Employment Ltd acting as an Employment Agency Business. Please note: Only candidates with the relevant skills and experience will be contacted at this time. If you do not hear back from us within four days you have unfortunately been unsuccessful in your application. Please continue to visit the website for other opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/OpticalTechnician_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00062.txt " Optical Technician" " 69993139" " Champion Technical" " My client, based in Oxford is looking for an Optical Technician to work alongside a skilled team of engineers, and design professionals who seek to develop new and innovative vision correction products. As an optical Technician, you will be involved in the test and assembly of optical products on an ongoing temporary basis. The successful candidate with have some experience of calibrating advanced products. As Optical Technician, you will also carry out the following:  Using computer aided machinery to form new lenses  A ssembling and testing products to ensure quality  Using different methods of machinery to develop the latest products  Grind, smooth and polish the lenses  Apply finishing touches using polishes, glazes, and tints. The ideal candidate will have the following:  High levels of accuracy is essential  Good a mechanical aptitude with fine handwork  Sound level of Mathematics Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of a person's gender, marital status, race, religion, colour, age, disability or sexual orientation. Each candidate will be assessed only in accordance with their merits, qualifications and ability to perform the duties of the job. Champion Technical, a specialist division of Champion Employment Ltd acting as an Employment Agency Business. Please note: Only candidates with the relevant skills and experience will be contacted at this time. If you do not hear back from us within four days you have unfortunately been unsuccessful in your application. Please continue to visit the website for other opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/OpticalTechnician_job****" "['oxford', 'optical', 'technician', 'alongside', 'skilled', 'engineers', 'professionals', 'seek', 'develop', 'innovative', 'vision', 'correction', 'products', 'optical', 'technician', 'involved', 'test', 'assembly', 'optical', 'products', 'ongoing', 'temporary', 'basis', 'calibrating', 'advanced', 'products', 'optical', 'technician', 'carry', 'computer', 'aided', 'machinery', 'form', 'lenses', 'testing', 'products', 'quality', 'methods', 'machinery', 'develop', 'latest', 'products', 'smooth', 'lenses', 'ideal', 'levels', 'accuracy', 'essential', 'mechanical', 'aptitude', 'fine', 'sound', 'level', 'mathematics', 'note', 'terminology', 'advert', 'intended', 'discriminate', 'grounds', 'gender', 'marital', 'status', 'race', 'religion', 'colour', 'age', 'disability', 'sexual', 'orientation', 'assessed', 'accordance', 'merits', 'qualifications', 'perform', 'duties', 'champion', 'technical', 'specialist', 'division', 'champion', 'employment', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'note', 'candidates', 'relevant', 'contacted', 'time', 'hear', 'back', 'days', 'unsuccessful', 'application', 'continue', 'visit', 'website', 'opportunities', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: ELECTRICAL MAINTENANCE ENGINEER ****K MOBILE DATA CENTRE  Reading
Webindex: 70675910
Company: Randstad
Description: Mobile Maintenance Electrical EngineerSloughAnd Surrounding Areas pound;**** Immediate Interview My client is one of the largest service providers within theUK, constantly winning new contracts they have built up a strong reputation within the industry and are looking for an electrical biased engineer to work on a global telecoms provider You will be covering all the buildings within the contract which includes all data centers for an established provider which will give to a wide range of experience which will be challenging and rewarding. You will be electrically biased with 17th edition and will have an understanding of critical plant including UPS, generators, comms rooms, switch rooms and servers For your hard work you will be paid a basic of ****k allowances of pound;**** bringing you to a total of pound;**** including a company vehicle with overtime available, the provider is naturally known for progression within and hard work could lead to promotion to supervisor and above The successful candidate will have to be  Electrically qualified through apprenticeship or equivalent 17th edition Hold a full clean UK driving license Proven track record in building maintenance We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00065.txt " ELECTRICAL MAINTENANCE ENGINEER ****K MOBILE DATA CENTRE  Reading" " 70675910" " Randstad" " Mobile Maintenance Electrical EngineerSloughAnd Surrounding Areas pound;**** Immediate Interview My client is one of the largest service providers within theUK, constantly winning new contracts they have built up a strong reputation within the industry and are looking for an electrical biased engineer to work on a global telecoms provider You will be covering all the buildings within the contract which includes all data centers for an established provider which will give to a wide range of experience which will be challenging and rewarding. You will be electrically biased with 17th edition and will have an understanding of critical plant including UPS, generators, comms rooms, switch rooms and servers For your hard work you will be paid a basic of ****k allowances of pound;**** bringing you to a total of pound;**** including a company vehicle with overtime available, the provider is naturally known for progression within and hard work could lead to promotion to supervisor and above The successful candidate will have to be  Electrically qualified through apprenticeship or equivalent 17th edition Hold a full clean UK driving license Proven track record in building maintenance We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK." "['mobile', 'maintenance', 'electrical', 'surrounding', 'areas', 'pound', 'interview', 'largest', 'providers', 'theuk', 'constantly', 'winning', 'contracts', 'built', 'reputation', 'industry', 'electrical', 'biased', 'global', 'telecoms', 'provider', 'covering', 'buildings', 'contract', 'includes', 'data', 'established', 'provider', 'give', 'wide', 'range', 'challenging', 'rewarding', 'electrically', 'biased', 'edition', 'understanding', 'critical', 'plant', 'ups', 'generators', 'comms', 'rooms', 'rooms', 'servers', 'hard', 'paid', 'basic', 'allowances', 'pound', 'bringing', 'total', 'pound', 'vehicle', 'overtime', 'provider', 'naturally', 'progression', 'hard', 'lead', 'promotion', 'supervisor', 'electrically', 'qualified', 'apprenticeship', 'equivalent', 'edition', 'hold', 'clean', 'driving', 'license', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'building', 'maintenance', 'applications', 'candidates', 'ages', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'live']" Engineering
"Title: Sales Executive / Account Manager, FMCG Global Brand
Webindex: 68807391
Company: Aaron Wallis Recruitment Training Ltd
Description: Sales Executive / Account Manager, FMCG Global Brand. Covering Brighton, Worthing, Burgess Hill, Haywards Heath, Crawley, Horsham, Uckfield, East Grinstead. **** basic  up to 20% bonus  Executive Company Car  25 days Holiday  Pension  Healthcare  Exceptional flexible benefits. This is an outstanding sales account management opportunity working for a multimillion pound manufacturer with an internationally recognised brand portfolio. Fantastic future career opportunities will be available and you will receive award winning sales marketing training. Your client base will include independent retailers, wholesalers and local independent multiple retailers covering Brighton, Worthing, Burgess Hill, Haywards Heath, Crawley, Horsham, Uckfield, East Grinstead and surrounding area. Managing an account portfolio  this role DOES NOT require previous industry experience. However to apply you must be a selfmotivated, intelligent, confident individual with the ambition and a desire to be the best that you possibly can. This is an exceptional opportunity to work for one of the world s most recognised FMCG brands, with a product that is almost recession proof and within a highly profitable industry sector. While many FMCG companies have struggled in the last two years this company has grown in terms of people, turnover and profit and continues to go from strength to strength. There are many fundamental reasons for this success, one being their positive and winning teamwork ethic and they are seeking an individual that embraces these values. They do not wish to hear from applicants whose hobbies are simply reading, listening to music or socialising with friends  They are looking for a person that has demonstrated throughout their life a desire to be above average . Where you ve excelled could be in any field  sport, charity work, education or sales. What does matter though is that you must be an achiever with a zest for life and a key part of the interview process will be based around your attitude, aspirations and determination to succeed. This role DOES NOT involve cold calling new clients, this is a nonaggressive consultative business development role where building lasting business relationships with retailers is essential. You will be given the support, training and leadership to ensure great success and job satisfaction. Honesty and integrity are essential ingredients to become successful within this organisation. You will be an on the way up individual of graduate calibre ideally with some sales experience but frustrated by a lack of self development and career opportunities. To apply please email a copy of your CV with a covering letter to Darren Dewrance of Aaron Wallis darren.dewranceaaronwallis.co.uk. Visit our website at URL removed for hundreds of sales jobs." 3 data/Sales\Job_00718.txt " Sales Executive / Account Manager, FMCG Global Brand" " 68807391" " Aaron Wallis Recruitment Training Ltd" " Sales Executive / Account Manager, FMCG Global Brand. Covering Brighton, Worthing, Burgess Hill, Haywards Heath, Crawley, Horsham, Uckfield, East Grinstead. **** basic  up to 20% bonus  Executive Company Car  25 days Holiday  Pension  Healthcare  Exceptional flexible benefits. This is an outstanding sales account management opportunity working for a multimillion pound manufacturer with an internationally recognised brand portfolio. Fantastic future career opportunities will be available and you will receive award winning sales marketing training. Your client base will include independent retailers, wholesalers and local independent multiple retailers covering Brighton, Worthing, Burgess Hill, Haywards Heath, Crawley, Horsham, Uckfield, East Grinstead and surrounding area. Managing an account portfolio  this role DOES NOT require previous industry experience. However to apply you must be a selfmotivated, intelligent, confident individual with the ambition and a desire to be the best that you possibly can. This is an exceptional opportunity to work for one of the world s most recognised FMCG brands, with a product that is almost recession proof and within a highly profitable industry sector. While many FMCG companies have struggled in the last two years this company has grown in terms of people, turnover and profit and continues to go from strength to strength. There are many fundamental reasons for this success, one being their positive and winning teamwork ethic and they are seeking an individual that embraces these values. They do not wish to hear from applicants whose hobbies are simply reading, listening to music or socialising with friends  They are looking for a person that has demonstrated throughout their life a desire to be above average . Where you ve excelled could be in any field  sport, charity work, education or sales. What does matter though is that you must be an achiever with a zest for life and a key part of the interview process will be based around your attitude, aspirations and determination to succeed. This role DOES NOT involve cold calling new clients, this is a nonaggressive consultative business development role where building lasting business relationships with retailers is essential. You will be given the support, training and leadership to ensure great success and job satisfaction. Honesty and integrity are essential ingredients to become successful within this organisation. You will be an on the way up individual of graduate calibre ideally with some sales experience but frustrated by a lack of self development and career opportunities. To apply please email a copy of your CV with a covering letter to Darren Dewrance of Aaron Wallis darren.dewranceaaronwallis.co.uk. Visit our website at URL removed for hundreds of sales jobs." "['executive', 'account', 'fmcg', 'global', 'brand', 'covering', 'brighton', 'worthing', 'burgess', 'hill', 'haywards', 'heath', 'crawley', 'horsham', 'uckfield', 'east', 'grinstead', 'basic', 'bonus', 'executive', 'car', 'days', 'holiday', 'pension', 'healthcare', 'exceptional', 'flexible', 'benefits', 'outstanding', 'account', 'multimillion', 'pound', 'manufacturer', 'internationally', 'recognised', 'brand', 'portfolio', 'fantastic', 'future', 'career', 'opportunities', 'receive', 'award', 'winning', 'marketing', 'base', 'include', 'independent', 'retailers', 'wholesalers', 'local', 'independent', 'multiple', 'retailers', 'covering', 'brighton', 'worthing', 'burgess', 'hill', 'haywards', 'heath', 'crawley', 'horsham', 'uckfield', 'east', 'grinstead', 'surrounding', 'area', 'managing', 'account', 'portfolio', 'require', 'previous', 'industry', 'selfmotivated', 'intelligent', 'confident', 'individual', 'ambition', 'desire', 'possibly', 'exceptional', 'world', 'recognised', 'fmcg', 'brands', 'product', 'recession', 'proof', 'highly', 'profitable', 'industry', 'sector', 'fmcg', 'companies', 'years', 'grown', 'terms', 'people', 'turnover', 'profit', 'continues', 'strength', 'strength', 'fundamental', 'reasons', 'success', 'positive', 'winning', 'teamwork', 'ethic', 'seeking', 'individual', 'values', 'hear', 'applicants', 'hobbies', 'simply', 'reading', 'listening', 'music', 'friends', 'person', 'demonstrated', 'life', 'desire', 'average', 've', 'excelled', 'field', 'sport', 'charity', 'education', 'matter', 'achiever', 'zest', 'life', 'key', 'part', 'interview', 'process', 'attitude', 'aspirations', 'determination', 'succeed', 'involve', 'cold', 'calling', 'consultative', 'building', 'lasting', 'relationships', 'retailers', 'essential', 'leadership', 'great', 'success', 'satisfaction', 'honesty', 'integrity', 'essential', 'organisation', 'individual', 'graduate', 'calibre', 'ideally', 'frustrated', 'career', 'opportunities', 'email', 'copy', 'cv', 'covering', 'letter', 'darren', 'aaron', 'wallis', 'darren', 'visit', 'website', 'url', 'removed', 'hundreds', 'jobs']" Sales
"Title: CNC PROGRAMMER / SETTER / TURNER
Webindex: 67949291
Company: Prime Time GS Northampton
Description: CNC PROGRAMMER/SETTER/TURNER Full Time, Permanent c. ****k pa (Day Shift) Daventry A new opportunity within this long established precision engineering specialist, involved in prototyping and production of engineered parts including high performance car, commercial vehicle, motorsport, rail, renewable energy and aerospace applications. You will be tasked with programming Fanuc controls, setting tools and offset data and precision machining as required, working on a wide range of CNC lathes. Additionally, you will be responsible for proof machining components, running machines and inspecting the parts that are produced. Working to tight tolerances, you will produce high quality components from customer drawings and sample parts. Working mainly with small batch production, speed and flexibility will be important in keeping the machines productive. To be considered for this position, you must have experience gained within a similar role, programming, setting and operating CNC Lathes. Experience with Fanuc or controls is essential. You must have a good attention to detail, an organised approach and be accustomed to working with minimum supervision. Excellent communication skills are also key. To apply, please forward your CV, for the attention of Andrew Shearer." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00060.txt " CNC PROGRAMMER / SETTER / TURNER" " 67949291" " Prime Time GS Northampton" " CNC PROGRAMMER/SETTER/TURNER Full Time, Permanent c. ****k pa (Day Shift) Daventry A new opportunity within this long established precision engineering specialist, involved in prototyping and production of engineered parts including high performance car, commercial vehicle, motorsport, rail, renewable energy and aerospace applications. You will be tasked with programming Fanuc controls, setting tools and offset data and precision machining as required, working on a wide range of CNC lathes. Additionally, you will be responsible for proof machining components, running machines and inspecting the parts that are produced. Working to tight tolerances, you will produce high quality components from customer drawings and sample parts. Working mainly with small batch production, speed and flexibility will be important in keeping the machines productive. To be considered for this position, you must have experience gained within a similar role, programming, setting and operating CNC Lathes. Experience with Fanuc or controls is essential. You must have a good attention to detail, an organised approach and be accustomed to working with minimum supervision. Excellent communication skills are also key. To apply, please forward your CV, for the attention of Andrew Shearer." "['cnc', 'programmer', 'setter', 'turner', 'time', 'permanent', 'pa', 'day', 'shift', 'daventry', 'long', 'established', 'precision', 'specialist', 'involved', 'production', 'engineered', 'parts', 'performance', 'car', 'commercial', 'vehicle', 'rail', 'renewable', 'energy', 'aerospace', 'applications', 'tasked', 'programming', 'fanuc', 'controls', 'setting', 'tools', 'data', 'precision', 'machining', 'wide', 'range', 'cnc', 'lathes', 'additionally', 'responsible', 'proof', 'machining', 'components', 'running', 'machines', 'inspecting', 'parts', 'produced', 'tight', 'tolerances', 'produce', 'quality', 'components', 'drawings', 'sample', 'parts', 'small', 'batch', 'production', 'speed', 'flexibility', 'important', 'keeping', 'machines', 'considered', 'gained', 'similar', 'programming', 'setting', 'operating', 'cnc', 'lathes', 'fanuc', 'controls', 'essential', 'attention', 'detail', 'organised', 'approach', 'minimum', 'supervision', 'communication', 'key', 'forward', 'cv', 'attention', 'andrew']" Engineering
"Title: Electronic Engineer
Webindex: 67333526
Company: Zebra Technical Recruitment Ltd
Description: Electronic Engineer – Redhill, Surrey **** Pension, Healthcare, Life Assurance, 25 Days Holiday This global engineering company designs and manufactures systems and devices used in safety critical and harsh environments. As Electronic Engineer you will work within sustaining and obsolescence engineering. Responsibilities;  Investigate the causes of and possible solutions to product failures through fault finding, repair and tests to returned modules  Monitor and investigate device/module reliability and work on design solutions to overcome problems  Liaise with customers and OEM’s regarding technical enquiries  Produce reports, update support documentation and feedback on new designs from support experience  Progress designs through Test, Production, Installation and Field Support  Monitor and support designs through warranty period  Evaluate new to market OEMs modules  Provide technical support to field services, workshop and customers The ideal candidate will have a good mix of the following skills;  HNC in a relevant technical discipline  Engineering experience gained within a similar environment  A good working knowledge of electronic engineering  MS Office experience  Knowledge of CADSTAR or ORCAD For office use only: Redhill, Crawley, Croydon, Leatherhead, Reigate, Horley, Dorking, Guildford, Caterham, Epsom, Surrey, West Sussex, London, repair, engineering, design, manufacture, electronic, mechanical, electromechanical, systems, devices, safety critical, harsh environment, Electronics Engineer, Support Engineer, Reliability Engineer, sustaining, solutions, product failures, monitor, investigate, device, module, reliability, solutions, customers, OEM, technical, support, documentation, test, production, installation, field service, warranty, warranties, evaluate, workshop, HNC, HND, Degree, technical, CADSTAR, ORCAD, testing, rework, rework, interrogate, fault find, disassemble This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ElectronicEngineer_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00177.txt " Electronic Engineer" " 67333526" " Zebra Technical Recruitment Ltd" " Electronic Engineer – Redhill, Surrey **** Pension, Healthcare, Life Assurance, 25 Days Holiday This global engineering company designs and manufactures systems and devices used in safety critical and harsh environments. As Electronic Engineer you will work within sustaining and obsolescence engineering. Responsibilities;  Investigate the causes of and possible solutions to product failures through fault finding, repair and tests to returned modules  Monitor and investigate device/module reliability and work on design solutions to overcome problems  Liaise with customers and OEM’s regarding technical enquiries  Produce reports, update support documentation and feedback on new designs from support experience  Progress designs through Test, Production, Installation and Field Support  Monitor and support designs through warranty period  Evaluate new to market OEMs modules  Provide technical support to field services, workshop and customers The ideal candidate will have a good mix of the following skills;  HNC in a relevant technical discipline  Engineering experience gained within a similar environment  A good working knowledge of electronic engineering  MS Office experience  Knowledge of CADSTAR or ORCAD For office use only: Redhill, Crawley, Croydon, Leatherhead, Reigate, Horley, Dorking, Guildford, Caterham, Epsom, Surrey, West Sussex, London, repair, engineering, design, manufacture, electronic, mechanical, electromechanical, systems, devices, safety critical, harsh environment, Electronics Engineer, Support Engineer, Reliability Engineer, sustaining, solutions, product failures, monitor, investigate, device, module, reliability, solutions, customers, OEM, technical, support, documentation, test, production, installation, field service, warranty, warranties, evaluate, workshop, HNC, HND, Degree, technical, CADSTAR, ORCAD, testing, rework, rework, interrogate, fault find, disassemble This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ElectronicEngineer_job****" "['electronic', 'redhill', 'surrey', 'pension', 'healthcare', 'life', 'assurance', 'days', 'holiday', 'global', 'designs', 'manufactures', 'devices', 'safety', 'critical', 'harsh', 'environments', 'electronic', 'sustaining', 'obsolescence', 'responsibilities', 'investigate', 'solutions', 'product', 'failures', 'fault', 'finding', 'repair', 'tests', 'returned', 'modules', 'monitor', 'investigate', 'device', 'module', 'reliability', 'solutions', 'overcome', 'problems', 'liaise', 'customers', 'oem', 'technical', 'enquiries', 'produce', 'reports', 'update', 'documentation', 'feedback', 'designs', 'progress', 'designs', 'test', 'production', 'installation', 'field', 'monitor', 'designs', 'warranty', 'period', 'evaluate', 'market', 'oems', 'modules', 'technical', 'field', 'workshop', 'customers', 'ideal', 'mix', 'hnc', 'relevant', 'technical', 'discipline', 'gained', 'similar', 'environment', 'electronic', 'ms', 'office', 'cadstar', 'orcad', 'office', 'redhill', 'crawley', 'croydon', 'guildford', 'epsom', 'surrey', 'west', 'sussex', 'london', 'repair', 'manufacture', 'electronic', 'mechanical', 'electromechanical', 'devices', 'safety', 'critical', 'harsh', 'environment', 'electronics', 'reliability', 'sustaining', 'solutions', 'product', 'failures', 'monitor', 'investigate', 'device', 'module', 'reliability', 'solutions', 'customers', 'oem', 'technical', 'documentation', 'test', 'production', 'installation', 'field', 'warranty', 'evaluate', 'workshop', 'hnc', 'hnd', 'degree', 'technical', 'cadstar', 'orcad', 'testing', 'rework', 'rework', 'fault', 'find', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Geo Environmental Engineer  Bristol
Webindex: 72427796
Company: Penguin Recruitment
Description: A UK leading environmental organisation, who specialise in contaminated land investigation and brownfield remediation, have an excellent opportunity available for a geo environmental engineer to join their offices based near Bristol. Suitable candidates will have a relevant environmental degree ideally with an MSc in contaminated land or a relevant subject. Is is also essential that candidates have experience designing and supervising intrusive ground investigations and producing the associated reports. The successful candidate will design investigations, manage site teams and liaise with clients, produce contaminant risk assessment reports, manage remediation systems and mentor junior members of staff. In addition to a competitive salary you will receive full benefits package tailored to suit your needs. We are seeking candidates who have experience working within a consultancy or contractor with projects involving contaminated land and remediation. Interested in this role, please send your CV to matt.thompsonpenguinrecruitment.co.uk or call **** **** for an informal chat." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00141.txt " Geo Environmental Engineer  Bristol" " 72427796" " Penguin Recruitment" " A UK leading environmental organisation, who specialise in contaminated land investigation and brownfield remediation, have an excellent opportunity available for a geo environmental engineer to join their offices based near Bristol. Suitable candidates will have a relevant environmental degree ideally with an MSc in contaminated land or a relevant subject. Is is also essential that candidates have experience designing and supervising intrusive ground investigations and producing the associated reports. The successful candidate will design investigations, manage site teams and liaise with clients, produce contaminant risk assessment reports, manage remediation systems and mentor junior members of staff. In addition to a competitive salary you will receive full benefits package tailored to suit your needs. We are seeking candidates who have experience working within a consultancy or contractor with projects involving contaminated land and remediation. Interested in this role, please send your CV to matt.thompsonpenguinrecruitment.co.uk or call **** **** for an informal chat." "['environmental', 'organisation', 'specialise', 'contaminated', 'land', 'investigation', 'remediation', 'environmental', 'offices', 'bristol', 'suitable', 'candidates', 'relevant', 'environmental', 'degree', 'ideally', 'contaminated', 'land', 'relevant', 'subject', 'essential', 'candidates', 'designing', 'supervising', 'ground', 'investigations', 'producing', 'reports', 'investigations', 'manage', 'site', 'teams', 'liaise', 'produce', 'risk', 'assessment', 'reports', 'manage', 'remediation', 'mentor', 'junior', 'members', 'addition', 'competitive', 'receive', 'benefits', 'package', 'tailored', 'suit', 'seeking', 'candidates', 'consultancy', 'contractor', 'projects', 'involving', 'contaminated', 'land', 'remediation', 'interested', 'send', 'cv', 'matt', 'call', 'informal', 'chat']" Engineering
"Title: Field Sales Executive – Thames Valley – ****K OTE uncapped
Webindex: 72531481
Company: OPENTABLE INTERNATIONAL LTD
Description: Salary : ****  ****k basic  ****k OTE (uncapped commission) Location : the ideal candidate will be located in or near the Thames Valley area in Oxford or Reading Department : Sales & Restaurant Relations Reports to : UK Area Manager We offer a competitive base salary, uncapped commission and a guaranteed commission amount during your first 2 months OpenTable is a leading provider of free, realtime online restaurant reservations for diners, as well as a computerised reservation book and guest management solution for restaurants. OpenTable has more than **** restaurant customers globally, and since its inception in **** has seated more than 350 million diners around the world. The company is headquartered in San Francisco, California, and the OpenTable service is available throughout the United States, as well as in Canada, Germany, Japan, Mexico, and the United Kingdom. OpenTable also owns and operates toptable.co.uk, a leading restaurant reservation site in the United Kingdom. We have vibrant offices in Shoreditch, London and offer an exciting environment in a fastpaced, fun and growing industry. Description : Reporting to the UK Area Manager, in this business development position, you will be responsible for generating marketspecific revenue through selling OpenTable technology solutions to restaurants in an assigned territory. As Account Executive, you will develop sales plans for each prospect, assess prospect readiness, audit existing prospect processes and identify opportunities for improvement with OpenTable solutions. You will sell the value of OpenTable products to prospective restaurants by articulating how our solutions meet their needs and improve the business process. This will be accomplished through cold calling to secure first appointments, consultative selling and group presentation. You will be expected to meet monthly, quarterly and annual sales objectives. Desired Experience: Approximately 3 years field sales experience Proven track record of meeting and exceeding sales targets Prior knowledge or B2B sales in an assigned territory is a plus Knowledge of restaurant operations and marketing a plus Universitylevel education preferred but not essential Requirements: Competitive, tenacious, enthusiastic and resultsdriven and detailoriented Excellent timemanagement and organisational skills Understand the value of OpenTable’s products and pricing, as well as competitive offerings, and articulate the product benefits in a manner meaningful to the customer Must possess excellent written and oral communication skills, with proven negotiation and decisionmaking ability Must be selfmotivated and have ability to perform well under pressure and against challenging goals and deadlines in an entrepreneurial/startup environment Other benefits: In addition to a dynamic and fun environment, with a strong focus on social aspects within the work place and with restaurants as well as a competitive salary, we also offer a comprehensive benefits package: Pension Life assurance Group income protection Private medical insurance Dental insurance Buy your own bike Subsidised gym membership Childcare vouchers OpenTable is an equal opportunity employer. To apply for the role, please send your CV by email to Nele Werkshage on nwerkshageopentable.com with a covering note & salary expectation. You may also have experience in the following: sales, customer service, field sales, business to business sales, account management, B2B sales, front of house, restaurant, area sales, restaurant manager, account executive, technology sales, cross selling, restaurant general manager, up selling, software sales, hospitality, hotels, leisure sales, bookings, reservation sales, restaurant operations, account management, business development" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00049.txt " Field Sales Executive – Thames Valley – ****K OTE uncapped" " 72531481" " OPENTABLE INTERNATIONAL LTD" " Salary : ****  ****k basic  ****k OTE (uncapped commission) Location : the ideal candidate will be located in or near the Thames Valley area in Oxford or Reading Department : Sales & Restaurant Relations Reports to : UK Area Manager We offer a competitive base salary, uncapped commission and a guaranteed commission amount during your first 2 months OpenTable is a leading provider of free, realtime online restaurant reservations for diners, as well as a computerised reservation book and guest management solution for restaurants. OpenTable has more than **** restaurant customers globally, and since its inception in **** has seated more than 350 million diners around the world. The company is headquartered in San Francisco, California, and the OpenTable service is available throughout the United States, as well as in Canada, Germany, Japan, Mexico, and the United Kingdom. OpenTable also owns and operates toptable.co.uk, a leading restaurant reservation site in the United Kingdom. We have vibrant offices in Shoreditch, London and offer an exciting environment in a fastpaced, fun and growing industry. Description : Reporting to the UK Area Manager, in this business development position, you will be responsible for generating marketspecific revenue through selling OpenTable technology solutions to restaurants in an assigned territory. As Account Executive, you will develop sales plans for each prospect, assess prospect readiness, audit existing prospect processes and identify opportunities for improvement with OpenTable solutions. You will sell the value of OpenTable products to prospective restaurants by articulating how our solutions meet their needs and improve the business process. This will be accomplished through cold calling to secure first appointments, consultative selling and group presentation. You will be expected to meet monthly, quarterly and annual sales objectives. Desired Experience: Approximately 3 years field sales experience Proven track record of meeting and exceeding sales targets Prior knowledge or B2B sales in an assigned territory is a plus Knowledge of restaurant operations and marketing a plus Universitylevel education preferred but not essential Requirements: Competitive, tenacious, enthusiastic and resultsdriven and detailoriented Excellent timemanagement and organisational skills Understand the value of OpenTable’s products and pricing, as well as competitive offerings, and articulate the product benefits in a manner meaningful to the customer Must possess excellent written and oral communication skills, with proven negotiation and decisionmaking ability Must be selfmotivated and have ability to perform well under pressure and against challenging goals and deadlines in an entrepreneurial/startup environment Other benefits: In addition to a dynamic and fun environment, with a strong focus on social aspects within the work place and with restaurants as well as a competitive salary, we also offer a comprehensive benefits package: Pension Life assurance Group income protection Private medical insurance Dental insurance Buy your own bike Subsidised gym membership Childcare vouchers OpenTable is an equal opportunity employer. To apply for the role, please send your CV by email to Nele Werkshage on nwerkshageopentable.com with a covering note & salary expectation. You may also have experience in the following: sales, customer service, field sales, business to business sales, account management, B2B sales, front of house, restaurant, area sales, restaurant manager, account executive, technology sales, cross selling, restaurant general manager, up selling, software sales, hospitality, hotels, leisure sales, bookings, reservation sales, restaurant operations, account management, business development" "['basic', 'ote', 'uncapped', 'commission', 'location', 'ideal', 'located', 'thames', 'valley', 'area', 'oxford', 'reading', 'department', 'restaurant', 'relations', 'reports', 'area', 'offer', 'competitive', 'base', 'uncapped', 'commission', 'guaranteed', 'commission', 'amount', 'months', 'opentable', 'provider', 'free', 'online', 'restaurant', 'reservations', 'diners', 'computerised', 'reservation', 'book', 'guest', 'solution', 'restaurants', 'opentable', 'restaurant', 'customers', 'globally', 'inception', 'million', 'diners', 'world', 'headquartered', 'san', 'california', 'opentable', 'united', 'states', 'canada', 'germany', 'japan', 'united', 'kingdom', 'opentable', 'owns', 'operates', 'restaurant', 'reservation', 'site', 'united', 'kingdom', 'vibrant', 'offices', 'shoreditch', 'london', 'offer', 'exciting', 'environment', 'fastpaced', 'fun', 'growing', 'industry', 'description', 'reporting', 'area', 'responsible', 'generating', 'revenue', 'selling', 'opentable', 'technology', 'solutions', 'restaurants', 'assigned', 'territory', 'account', 'executive', 'develop', 'plans', 'prospect', 'assess', 'prospect', 'audit', 'existing', 'prospect', 'processes', 'identify', 'opportunities', 'improvement', 'opentable', 'solutions', 'sell', 'opentable', 'products', 'prospective', 'restaurants', 'articulating', 'solutions', 'meet', 'improve', 'process', 'accomplished', 'cold', 'calling', 'secure', 'appointments', 'consultative', 'selling', 'group', 'presentation', 'expected', 'meet', 'monthly', 'quarterly', 'annual', 'objectives', 'desired', 'approximately', 'years', 'field', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'meeting', 'exceeding', 'targets', 'prior', 'assigned', 'territory', 'restaurant', 'operations', 'marketing', 'education', 'preferred', 'essential', 'requirements', 'competitive', 'tenacious', 'enthusiastic', 'resultsdriven', 'timemanagement', 'organisational', 'understand', 'opentable', 'products', 'pricing', 'competitive', 'offerings', 'articulate', 'product', 'benefits', 'manner', 'meaningful', 'possess', 'written', 'oral', 'communication', 'proven', 'negotiation', 'decisionmaking', 'selfmotivated', 'perform', 'pressure', 'challenging', 'goals', 'deadlines', 'entrepreneurial', 'startup', 'environment', 'benefits', 'addition', 'dynamic', 'fun', 'environment', 'focus', 'social', 'aspects', 'place', 'restaurants', 'competitive', 'offer', 'comprehensive', 'benefits', 'package', 'pension', 'life', 'assurance', 'group', 'income', 'protection', 'private', 'medical', 'insurance', 'dental', 'insurance', 'buy', 'subsidised', 'gym', 'membership', 'childcare', 'vouchers', 'opentable', 'equal', 'employer', 'send', 'cv', 'email', 'covering', 'note', 'expectation', 'field', 'account', 'front', 'house', 'restaurant', 'area', 'restaurant', 'account', 'executive', 'technology', 'cross', 'selling', 'restaurant', 'general', 'selling', 'software', 'hospitality', 'hotels', 'leisure', 'bookings', 'reservation', 'restaurant', 'operations', 'account']" Engineering
"Title: Maintenance Electician 17th Edition
Webindex: 69145949
Description: Hours of work Monday  Friday 7am4.30pm. Maintenance Electrician with 17th Edition qualification. Experience in the lift hoist industry is an advantage. Your duties will involve maintenance of lifts within the London area." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00229.txt " Maintenance Electician 17th Edition" " 69145949"  " Hours of work Monday  Friday 7am4.30pm. Maintenance Electrician with 17th Edition qualification. Experience in the lift hoist industry is an advantage. Your duties will involve maintenance of lifts within the London area." "['hours', 'monday', 'friday', 'pm', 'maintenance', 'electrician', 'edition', 'qualification', 'lift', 'industry', 'advantage', 'duties', 'involve', 'maintenance', 'lifts', 'london', 'area']" Engineering
"Title: EMEA Inside Sales Agent
Webindex: 68062805
Company: Lyall Associates
Description: The EMEA Inside Sales Agent is responsible for the development and growth of the revenue and pipeline within a designated territory. The inside sales team is a key part of the overall EMEA strategy to support the revenue objectives of the region. Inside sales will perform the following functions: Sales (in conjunction with partners) to the installed base of no touch accounts. Joint sales campaigns with partners to partners prospect list Support of campaigns into major accounts to expand knowledge and awareness within those accounts Event pre call and invite Event follow up of leads Follow up and management of deals in deal registration system Contact point for certain partners Primary Duties and Responsibilities Focus on developing business within enterprise accounts and maximize opportunities in installed base Work closely with Regional Sales Managers and Channel partners to identify, position, and sell product value. Regularly update Regional Sales Managers with prospect information/feedback. Remain knowledgeable and uptodate on product roadmap, industry changes, and competitive landscape. Update, create and manage sales database. Support channel partners to close opportunities Provide a point of contact for top tiers of partners Maintain records of all prospect activity within SalesForce.com. Job Complexity Ability to target, qualify and potentially close opportunities Requires specialized EMEA market knowledge May independently verify, investigate and solve complex problems Capability to work with sales team, partners and agencies internationally Supervision Normally receives guidance on routine work, general instructions on new assignments Assignments will be provided day to day by inside sales team leader Education/Experience Minimum ****  3 years Lead Generation or Inside Sales experience or relevant experience selling IT Network and security products. Recent experience in a high tech company Ability to develop qualified leads for the sales force through outbound and inbound telephone contact with limited assistance from team members. Ability to qualify all prospects, track progress through the sales cycle, and substantially contribute to pipeline growth including having previously called on contacts at potential customers in the IT Networking and/or Security space. Experience working with Channel Partners within the IT Networking and/or Security space a plus. Proficient with Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook; SalesForce.com a big plus. Must be independent, selfmotivated and successdriven, yet willing to work within a team environment. Proficient use of MS Office applications Fluency in English This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EMEAInsideSalesAgent_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00703.txt " EMEA Inside Sales Agent" " 68062805" " Lyall Associates" " The EMEA Inside Sales Agent is responsible for the development and growth of the revenue and pipeline within a designated territory. The inside sales team is a key part of the overall EMEA strategy to support the revenue objectives of the region. Inside sales will perform the following functions: Sales (in conjunction with partners) to the installed base of no touch accounts. Joint sales campaigns with partners to partners prospect list Support of campaigns into major accounts to expand knowledge and awareness within those accounts Event pre call and invite Event follow up of leads Follow up and management of deals in deal registration system Contact point for certain partners Primary Duties and Responsibilities Focus on developing business within enterprise accounts and maximize opportunities in installed base Work closely with Regional Sales Managers and Channel partners to identify, position, and sell product value. Regularly update Regional Sales Managers with prospect information/feedback. Remain knowledgeable and uptodate on product roadmap, industry changes, and competitive landscape. Update, create and manage sales database. Support channel partners to close opportunities Provide a point of contact for top tiers of partners Maintain records of all prospect activity within SalesForce.com. Job Complexity Ability to target, qualify and potentially close opportunities Requires specialized EMEA market knowledge May independently verify, investigate and solve complex problems Capability to work with sales team, partners and agencies internationally Supervision Normally receives guidance on routine work, general instructions on new assignments Assignments will be provided day to day by inside sales team leader Education/Experience Minimum ****  3 years Lead Generation or Inside Sales experience or relevant experience selling IT Network and security products. Recent experience in a high tech company Ability to develop qualified leads for the sales force through outbound and inbound telephone contact with limited assistance from team members. Ability to qualify all prospects, track progress through the sales cycle, and substantially contribute to pipeline growth including having previously called on contacts at potential customers in the IT Networking and/or Security space. Experience working with Channel Partners within the IT Networking and/or Security space a plus. Proficient with Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook; SalesForce.com a big plus. Must be independent, selfmotivated and successdriven, yet willing to work within a team environment. Proficient use of MS Office applications Fluency in English This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EMEAInsideSalesAgent_job****" "['emea', 'inside', 'agent', 'responsible', 'growth', 'revenue', 'pipeline', 'designated', 'territory', 'inside', 'key', 'part', 'emea', 'strategy', 'revenue', 'objectives', 'region', 'inside', 'perform', 'functions', 'conjunction', 'partners', 'installed', 'base', 'touch', 'accounts', 'joint', 'campaigns', 'partners', 'partners', 'prospect', 'list', 'campaigns', 'major', 'accounts', 'expand', 'awareness', 'accounts', 'event', 'pre', 'call', 'invite', 'event', 'follow', 'leads', 'follow', 'deals', 'deal', 'registration', 'system', 'contact', 'point', 'partners', 'primary', 'duties', 'responsibilities', 'focus', 'developing', 'enterprise', 'accounts', 'maximize', 'opportunities', 'installed', 'base', 'closely', 'regional', 'managers', 'channel', 'partners', 'identify', 'sell', 'product', 'regularly', 'update', 'regional', 'managers', 'prospect', 'information', 'feedback', 'remain', 'knowledgeable', 'uptodate', 'product', 'roadmap', 'industry', 'competitive', 'update', 'create', 'manage', 'database', 'channel', 'partners', 'close', 'opportunities', 'point', 'contact', 'top', 'partners', 'maintain', 'records', 'prospect', 'activity', 'salesforce', 'complexity', 'target', 'qualify', 'potentially', 'close', 'opportunities', 'requires', 'specialized', 'emea', 'market', 'independently', 'verify', 'investigate', 'solve', 'complex', 'problems', 'capability', 'partners', 'agencies', 'internationally', 'supervision', 'guidance', 'routine', 'general', 'instructions', 'assignments', 'assignments', 'provided', 'day', 'day', 'inside', 'leader', 'education', 'minimum', 'years', 'lead', 'generation', 'inside', 'relevant', 'selling', 'network', 'security', 'products', 'recent', 'develop', 'qualified', 'leads', 'force', 'outbound', 'inbound', 'telephone', 'contact', 'limited', 'assistance', 'members', 'qualify', 'prospects', 'track', 'progress', 'cycle', 'contribute', 'pipeline', 'growth', 'previously', 'called', 'contacts', 'potential', 'customers', 'networking', 'security', 'space', 'channel', 'partners', 'networking', 'security', 'space', 'proficient', 'microsoft', 'word', 'excel', 'outlook', 'salesforce', 'big', 'independent', 'selfmotivated', 'environment', 'proficient', 'ms', 'office', 'applications', 'fluency', 'english', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Project Engineer
Webindex: 72634040
Company: Solutions Recruitment
Description: Working for an established engineering company based in Tyne and Wear as a Project Engineer. Responsible for the project administration, commercial management and engineering of a contract. Activities include contract review, design review, overseeing of conceptual and detail design work, planning, procurement of the more complex items of hardware, financial control of allocated budgets, document control, and all client liaison. The Department is also responsible for the compilation of tender documentation. Provide project management support to the Project Manager in all project administrative activities. Ideally, the successful candidate will have/be A strong Project Engineering career background. Degree qualified, preferably Mechanical Engineering or other related discipline. Need a broad theoretical and practical knowledge relating to varied aspects of mechanical design and manufacture. Offshore Oil and Gas contracting experience would be beneficial but not essential. Experience of computerised systems is essential" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00003.txt " Project Engineer" " 72634040" " Solutions Recruitment" " Working for an established engineering company based in Tyne and Wear as a Project Engineer. Responsible for the project administration, commercial management and engineering of a contract. Activities include contract review, design review, overseeing of conceptual and detail design work, planning, procurement of the more complex items of hardware, financial control of allocated budgets, document control, and all client liaison. The Department is also responsible for the compilation of tender documentation. Provide project management support to the Project Manager in all project administrative activities. Ideally, the successful candidate will have/be A strong Project Engineering career background. Degree qualified, preferably Mechanical Engineering or other related discipline. Need a broad theoretical and practical knowledge relating to varied aspects of mechanical design and manufacture. Offshore Oil and Gas contracting experience would be beneficial but not essential. Experience of computerised systems is essential" "['established', 'tyne', 'wear', 'project', 'responsible', 'project', 'administration', 'commercial', 'contract', 'activities', 'include', 'contract', 'review', 'review', 'overseeing', 'conceptual', 'detail', 'planning', 'procurement', 'complex', 'items', 'hardware', 'control', 'allocated', 'budgets', 'document', 'control', 'liaison', 'department', 'responsible', 'tender', 'documentation', 'project', 'project', 'project', 'administrative', 'activities', 'ideally', 'project', 'career', 'background', 'degree', 'qualified', 'preferably', 'mechanical', 'related', 'discipline', 'broad', 'theoretical', 'practical', 'relating', 'varied', 'aspects', 'mechanical', 'manufacture', 'offshore', 'oil', 'gas', 'contracting', 'beneficial', 'essential', 'computerised', 'essential']" Engineering
"Title: Software Engineers Embedded C/C++, Defence
Webindex: 68218446
Company: Inspired Recruitment
Description: Software Engineers required for a leading systems integrator within the aerospace and defence sector. The organisation is leading the way in developing embedded software for the next generation of worldwide integrated power management and distribution systems for vehicles. Job Role The Software Engineer will be working as part of the overall engineering team and must be able to manage their individual project tasks as well as provide accurate estimates and technical evaluations for future work. Continued support of the software for the business products Low level driver and BSP development for bespoke electronic hardware designs Ownership and development of the business software development processes and toolchain Key Skills You will have previous experience of developing embedded software solutions in C / C++ / C and a basic understanding of electronics. The ability to take ownership and delivery of projects whilst working as part of a team. C, C++, C Windows Embedded Familiarity with Borland, Visual Studio **** Familiarity with Operating Systems DOS, Windows Databus communications i.e. Ethernet, RS**** ARINC429, MilStd **** PC**** based, PMC/XMC and bespoke embedded systems PCI and PCIe experience Test Driven Development Virtual Machine development, Open Source tool chain Desirable: Requirements Engineering C, C, C++ XMLbased configuration and datatransfer GUI development and programming PC**** Architectures, ISA bus UML, SysML, SCADE, Model Based Development; Rhapsody MISRA, DO****B, TickIT, IEC**** Def Stan ****; This is a fantastic opportunity to join a global organisation considered a leader in its fields of expertise and has a world wide customer base. Due to the nature of the work, applicants must be capable of obtaining SC level UK security clearance To apply please send a copy of your latest CV and salary expectations to Quang or contact me on (Apply online only) Inspired Recruitment is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00061.txt " Software Engineers Embedded C/C++, Defence" " 68218446" " Inspired Recruitment" " Software Engineers required for a leading systems integrator within the aerospace and defence sector. The organisation is leading the way in developing embedded software for the next generation of worldwide integrated power management and distribution systems for vehicles. Job Role The Software Engineer will be working as part of the overall engineering team and must be able to manage their individual project tasks as well as provide accurate estimates and technical evaluations for future work. Continued support of the software for the business products Low level driver and BSP development for bespoke electronic hardware designs Ownership and development of the business software development processes and toolchain Key Skills You will have previous experience of developing embedded software solutions in C / C++ / C and a basic understanding of electronics. The ability to take ownership and delivery of projects whilst working as part of a team. C, C++, C Windows Embedded Familiarity with Borland, Visual Studio **** Familiarity with Operating Systems DOS, Windows Databus communications i.e. Ethernet, RS**** ARINC429, MilStd **** PC**** based, PMC/XMC and bespoke embedded systems PCI and PCIe experience Test Driven Development Virtual Machine development, Open Source tool chain Desirable: Requirements Engineering C, C, C++ XMLbased configuration and datatransfer GUI development and programming PC**** Architectures, ISA bus UML, SysML, SCADE, Model Based Development; Rhapsody MISRA, DO****B, TickIT, IEC**** Def Stan ****; This is a fantastic opportunity to join a global organisation considered a leader in its fields of expertise and has a world wide customer base. Due to the nature of the work, applicants must be capable of obtaining SC level UK security clearance To apply please send a copy of your latest CV and salary expectations to Quang or contact me on (Apply online only) Inspired Recruitment is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy" "['software', 'engineers', 'integrator', 'aerospace', 'defence', 'sector', 'organisation', 'developing', 'embedded', 'software', 'generation', 'worldwide', 'integrated', 'power', 'distribution', 'vehicles', 'software', 'part', 'manage', 'individual', 'project', 'tasks', 'accurate', 'estimates', 'technical', 'future', 'continued', 'software', 'products', 'low', 'level', 'driver', 'bespoke', 'electronic', 'hardware', 'designs', 'ownership', 'software', 'processes', 'key', 'previous', 'developing', 'embedded', 'software', 'solutions', 'basic', 'understanding', 'electronics', 'ownership', 'delivery', 'projects', 'whilst', 'part', 'windows', 'embedded', 'familiarity', 'visual', 'studio', 'familiarity', 'operating', 'windows', 'communications', 'ethernet', 'pc', 'bespoke', 'embedded', 'pcie', 'test', 'driven', 'virtual', 'machine', 'open', 'source', 'tool', 'chain', 'desirable', 'requirements', 'configuration', 'gui', 'programming', 'pc', 'architectures', 'isa', 'bus', 'uml', 'model', 'fantastic', 'global', 'organisation', 'considered', 'leader', 'fields', 'expertise', 'world', 'wide', 'base', 'due', 'nature', 'applicants', 'capable', 'obtaining', 'sc', 'level', 'security', 'clearance', 'send', 'copy', 'latest', 'cv', 'expectations', 'contact', 'online', 'inspired', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'vacancy']" Engineering
"Title: Sales Representative
Webindex: 62269820
Company: A for Appointments Recruitment
Description: My client, a global manufacturer is expanding the UK market and are looking for an additional professional sales person to join their existing team based in Sheffield and offer excellent training, the opportunity to travel in the UK and Globally, fantastic benefits and to work with high profile clients such as DISNEY WORLD FLORIDA The successful applicant will be trained to: Sell company products, Prepare action plans to identify target markets, Follow up leads, Prepare presentations and proposals, Develop long lasting relationships, Identify and resolve any client issues, Attend exhibitions and trade shows when necessary. The ideal candidate will have: Excellent command of the english language, The ability to influence others, Be ideally educated to degree level and have some sales or marketing experience. Be prepared to travel, UK abroad when necessary, and have a clean driving license. They are looking for someone with only **** year to 18 months experience in external sales, well educated, professional, ambitious and driven If you would like to apply for this role, please email your CV to salesaforappointments.com ." 3 data/Sales\Job_00672.txt " Sales Representative" " 62269820" " A for Appointments Recruitment" " My client, a global manufacturer is expanding the UK market and are looking for an additional professional sales person to join their existing team based in Sheffield and offer excellent training, the opportunity to travel in the UK and Globally, fantastic benefits and to work with high profile clients such as DISNEY WORLD FLORIDA The successful applicant will be trained to: Sell company products, Prepare action plans to identify target markets, Follow up leads, Prepare presentations and proposals, Develop long lasting relationships, Identify and resolve any client issues, Attend exhibitions and trade shows when necessary. The ideal candidate will have: Excellent command of the english language, The ability to influence others, Be ideally educated to degree level and have some sales or marketing experience. Be prepared to travel, UK abroad when necessary, and have a clean driving license. They are looking for someone with only **** year to 18 months experience in external sales, well educated, professional, ambitious and driven If you would like to apply for this role, please email your CV to salesaforappointments.com ." "['global', 'manufacturer', 'expanding', 'market', 'additional', 'professional', 'person', 'existing', 'sheffield', 'offer', 'travel', 'globally', 'fantastic', 'benefits', 'profile', 'world', 'applicant', 'trained', 'sell', 'products', 'prepare', 'action', 'plans', 'identify', 'target', 'markets', 'follow', 'leads', 'prepare', 'presentations', 'proposals', 'develop', 'long', 'lasting', 'relationships', 'identify', 'resolve', 'issues', 'attend', 'exhibitions', 'trade', 'shows', 'ideal', 'command', 'english', 'language', 'influence', 'ideally', 'educated', 'degree', 'level', 'marketing', 'prepared', 'travel', 'abroad', 'clean', 'driving', 'license', 'year', 'months', 'external', 'educated', 'professional', 'ambitious', 'driven', 'email', 'cv']" Sales
"Title: Deputy Manager  Bedford
Webindex: 71606900
Company: Jark Healthcare Ltd
Description: My client is seeking a Deputy manager either RMN / RGN in Cambridgeshire This small home for the Elderly with Dementia needs an experienced Deputy manager to support the manager and the team . The Nursing home is part of a large care provider offer care opportunities . To Start Immediately" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00527.txt " Deputy Manager  Bedford" " 71606900" " Jark Healthcare Ltd" " My client is seeking a Deputy manager either RMN / RGN in Cambridgeshire This small home for the Elderly with Dementia needs an experienced Deputy manager to support the manager and the team . The Nursing home is part of a large care provider offer care opportunities . To Start Immediately" "['seeking', 'deputy', 'rmn', 'rgn', 'cambridgeshire', 'small', 'elderly', 'dementia', 'experienced', 'deputy', 'nursing', 'part', 'large', 'provider', 'offer', 'opportunities', 'start', 'immediately']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Risk Analyst
Webindex: 72244156
Company: IPS Group
Description: Excellent opportunity for someone to gain exposure to Risk Management within a Global Insurer, you will be supporting the Risk Manager in the implementation of processes to ensure risks and emerging risks are identified and assessed. You will also assist in the maintenance of the risk management policy documents as required, including the risk management framework and risk appetite. You will ideally have worked within a Risk Management remit previously, if not you will have gained a Risk Management qualification. You should also be available at short notice. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RiskAnalyst_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00303.txt " Risk Analyst" " 72244156" " IPS Group" " Excellent opportunity for someone to gain exposure to Risk Management within a Global Insurer, you will be supporting the Risk Manager in the implementation of processes to ensure risks and emerging risks are identified and assessed. You will also assist in the maintenance of the risk management policy documents as required, including the risk management framework and risk appetite. You will ideally have worked within a Risk Management remit previously, if not you will have gained a Risk Management qualification. You should also be available at short notice. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RiskAnalyst_job****" "['gain', 'exposure', 'risk', 'global', 'insurer', 'supporting', 'risk', 'implementation', 'processes', 'risks', 'emerging', 'risks', 'identified', 'assessed', 'assist', 'maintenance', 'risk', 'policy', 'documents', 'risk', 'framework', 'risk', 'appetite', 'ideally', 'worked', 'risk', 'remit', 'previously', 'gained', 'risk', 'qualification', 'short', 'notice', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Internal Audit  Major European Ethical Bank
Webindex: 67802489
Company: Morgan West
Description: ACA/ ACCA/CIMA/MBA qualified internal auditor required for my client, who a global giant in the provision of Investment and Funding for Global projects. Due to the fast track succession planning, an opportunity exists for an internal auditor within one of their high profile teams. Reporting to the Senior Manager of Group Audit, you will assist the business in the identification of strategic and operational business risks as well as undertake project work. You will be career focused and highly motivated. You will ultimately have ambitions beyond internal audit but will understand that in this highly visible role you will have the opportunity to impress the important people. You will be enthusiastic and keen to drive and implement change. You will be qualified and have previous financial services experiences ideally gained within treasury, investment banking or a fund management institution. For this vacancy you must already have eligibility in place to work in the UK, as this employer does not provide sponsorship DUE TO THE HIGH LEVELS OF RESPONSE PLEASE BE ADVISED THAT CANDIDATES WILL ONLY BE CONTACTED IF THEY MEET THE SHORTLISTING CRITERIA FOR THIS ROLE." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00281.txt " Internal Audit  Major European Ethical Bank" " 67802489" " Morgan West" " ACA/ ACCA/CIMA/MBA qualified internal auditor required for my client, who a global giant in the provision of Investment and Funding for Global projects. Due to the fast track succession planning, an opportunity exists for an internal auditor within one of their high profile teams. Reporting to the Senior Manager of Group Audit, you will assist the business in the identification of strategic and operational business risks as well as undertake project work. You will be career focused and highly motivated. You will ultimately have ambitions beyond internal audit but will understand that in this highly visible role you will have the opportunity to impress the important people. You will be enthusiastic and keen to drive and implement change. You will be qualified and have previous financial services experiences ideally gained within treasury, investment banking or a fund management institution. For this vacancy you must already have eligibility in place to work in the UK, as this employer does not provide sponsorship DUE TO THE HIGH LEVELS OF RESPONSE PLEASE BE ADVISED THAT CANDIDATES WILL ONLY BE CONTACTED IF THEY MEET THE SHORTLISTING CRITERIA FOR THIS ROLE." "['aca', 'acca', 'cima', 'mba', 'qualified', 'internal', 'auditor', 'global', 'giant', 'provision', 'investment', 'funding', 'global', 'projects', 'due', 'fast', 'track', 'succession', 'planning', 'exists', 'internal', 'auditor', 'profile', 'teams', 'reporting', 'senior', 'group', 'audit', 'assist', 'identification', 'strategic', 'operational', 'risks', 'undertake', 'project', 'career', 'focused', 'highly', 'motivated', 'ultimately', 'ambitions', 'internal', 'audit', 'understand', 'highly', 'visible', 'important', 'people', 'enthusiastic', 'keen', 'drive', 'implement', 'change', 'qualified', 'previous', 'experiences', 'ideally', 'gained', 'treasury', 'investment', 'banking', 'fund', 'institution', 'vacancy', 'eligibility', 'place', 'employer', 'due', 'levels', 'response', 'advised', 'candidates', 'contacted', 'meet', 'criteria']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: HVAC Maintenance Engineer Central London ****K Days
Webindex: 72198584
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: MAINTENANCE HVAC ENGINEER CENTRAL LONDON  ****K DAYS  LARGE FM PROVIDER A vacancy has arisen for one of the leading maintenance service providers in Londonand UK. They are looking for a HVAC Maintenance Technician to work on one of there prestigiousLondoncontracts. You will be responsible to carry out planned preventative maintenance and repair within the high class multi tenanted office building based in central London. The ideal candidate will have sufficient knowledge with Mechanical systems such has Heating, Ventilation, AC and water systems it will be an added bonus if you have good knowledge of electrical systems also. You will be working on days Mon  Fri on a days shift basis covering the hours of **** the salary being offered is ****k  company benefits, training and natural progression routes Candidate Requirements C G or equivalent Mechanical or AC engineering C G Fgas (Highly Desirable) 17th Edition or similar (Highly Desirable) Full track record in building maintenance (essential) We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00025.txt " HVAC Maintenance Engineer Central London ****K Days" " 72198584" " UKStaffsearch" " MAINTENANCE HVAC ENGINEER CENTRAL LONDON  ****K DAYS  LARGE FM PROVIDER A vacancy has arisen for one of the leading maintenance service providers in Londonand UK. They are looking for a HVAC Maintenance Technician to work on one of there prestigiousLondoncontracts. You will be responsible to carry out planned preventative maintenance and repair within the high class multi tenanted office building based in central London. The ideal candidate will have sufficient knowledge with Mechanical systems such has Heating, Ventilation, AC and water systems it will be an added bonus if you have good knowledge of electrical systems also. You will be working on days Mon  Fri on a days shift basis covering the hours of **** the salary being offered is ****k  company benefits, training and natural progression routes Candidate Requirements C G or equivalent Mechanical or AC engineering C G Fgas (Highly Desirable) 17th Edition or similar (Highly Desirable) Full track record in building maintenance (essential) We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK." "['maintenance', 'hvac', 'central', 'london', 'days', 'large', 'fm', 'provider', 'vacancy', 'arisen', 'maintenance', 'providers', 'hvac', 'maintenance', 'technician', 'responsible', 'carry', 'planned', 'preventative', 'maintenance', 'repair', 'class', 'multi', 'office', 'building', 'central', 'london', 'ideal', 'sufficient', 'mechanical', 'heating', 'ventilation', 'ac', 'water', 'added', 'bonus', 'electrical', 'days', 'mon', 'fri', 'days', 'shift', 'basis', 'covering', 'hours', 'offered', 'benefits', 'natural', 'progression', 'routes', 'requirements', 'equivalent', 'mechanical', 'ac', 'fgas', 'highly', 'desirable', 'edition', 'similar', 'highly', 'desirable', 'track', 'record', 'building', 'maintenance', 'essential', 'applications', 'candidates', 'ages', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'live']" Engineering
"Title: Assistant Branch Manager
Webindex: 69598361
Company: Ably Resources Ltd
Description: Assistant Branch Manager Midlands THE CLIENT: This market leading Service Provider has grown significantly over the past few years. Operating on a local and regional basis, they continue to provide an innovative service to all Commercial Public sector clients. Due to continual growth, they now seek an Assistant Branch Manager to assist with the Midlands operations. THE ROLE: You will be responsible for a large team of Sales, Operations Admin staff, based from Birmingham and covering the Midlands/South West area. You will be involved in the general day to day running of the branch, management of staff and operations in addition to leading the team to achieve all set targets. The ideal candidate will have experience in managing upwards of **** employees in a dynamic, fast paced environment. Candidates must have a minimum of 5 years managerial experience and have a proactive and organised approach to the position. Applicants should note that this will be a challenging role and can be expected to work long hours to achieve all goals. THE PACKAGE: Basic Salary  ****  **** DOE Benefits  full benefits package Apply online or send your CV to Yvonne.crawfordablyresources.com Please note that only suitable candidates will be notified This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AssistantBranchManager_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00621.txt " Assistant Branch Manager" " 69598361" " Ably Resources Ltd" " Assistant Branch Manager Midlands THE CLIENT: This market leading Service Provider has grown significantly over the past few years. Operating on a local and regional basis, they continue to provide an innovative service to all Commercial Public sector clients. Due to continual growth, they now seek an Assistant Branch Manager to assist with the Midlands operations. THE ROLE: You will be responsible for a large team of Sales, Operations Admin staff, based from Birmingham and covering the Midlands/South West area. You will be involved in the general day to day running of the branch, management of staff and operations in addition to leading the team to achieve all set targets. The ideal candidate will have experience in managing upwards of **** employees in a dynamic, fast paced environment. Candidates must have a minimum of 5 years managerial experience and have a proactive and organised approach to the position. Applicants should note that this will be a challenging role and can be expected to work long hours to achieve all goals. THE PACKAGE: Basic Salary  ****  **** DOE Benefits  full benefits package Apply online or send your CV to Yvonne.crawfordablyresources.com Please note that only suitable candidates will be notified This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AssistantBranchManager_job****" "['assistant', 'branch', 'midlands', 'market', 'provider', 'grown', 'significantly', 'past', 'years', 'operating', 'local', 'regional', 'basis', 'continue', 'innovative', 'commercial', 'public', 'sector', 'due', 'continual', 'growth', 'seek', 'assistant', 'branch', 'assist', 'midlands', 'operations', 'responsible', 'large', 'operations', 'admin', 'birmingham', 'covering', 'midlands', 'south', 'west', 'area', 'involved', 'general', 'day', 'day', 'running', 'branch', 'operations', 'addition', 'achieve', 'set', 'targets', 'ideal', 'managing', 'employees', 'dynamic', 'fast', 'paced', 'environment', 'candidates', 'minimum', 'years', 'managerial', 'proactive', 'organised', 'approach', 'applicants', 'note', 'challenging', 'expected', 'long', 'hours', 'achieve', 'goals', 'package', 'basic', 'doe', 'benefits', 'benefits', 'package', 'online', 'send', 'cv', 'note', 'suitable', 'candidates', 'notified', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Doctor : GP Locum in South London  Short Term Locum
Webindex: 66578075
Description: Fresh Medical Recruitment has a position available for a GP locum in South London from 14/****/2****3 to 20/01/2013. This locum is for Short Term Locum. 14Jan13 Monday 18:****:**** 14Jan13 Monday 18:****:**** 17Jan13 Thursday 18:****:**** 18Jan13 Friday 18:****:**** 18Jan13 Friday 18:****:**** 19Jan13 Saturday ****:****:**** 19Jan13 Saturday ****:****:**** 19Jan13 Saturday ****:****:**** 19Jan13 Saturday 20:****:**** 19Jan13 Saturday 20:****:**** 20Jan13 Sunday ****:****:**** 20Jan13 Sunday 20:****:**** Pay Rate for this locum is up to **** per hour depending on experience. Applicants must have:  GP Performers List with local PCT or LHB  GMC GP registration  Permission to work in the UK  Relevant experience (Experience of working as a GP in the NHS is essential) Assistance will be provided with regard to accommodation and travel arrangements on some occasions. There is a **** reward if we place a doctor that you refer for this job if they are not currently in our database. Reference : **** IF INTERESTED, PLEASE CLICK 'APPLY'." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00502.txt " Doctor : GP Locum in South London  Short Term Locum" " 66578075"  " Fresh Medical Recruitment has a position available for a GP locum in South London from 14/****/2****3 to 20/01/2013. This locum is for Short Term Locum. 14Jan13 Monday 18:****:**** 14Jan13 Monday 18:****:**** 17Jan13 Thursday 18:****:**** 18Jan13 Friday 18:****:**** 18Jan13 Friday 18:****:**** 19Jan13 Saturday ****:****:**** 19Jan13 Saturday ****:****:**** 19Jan13 Saturday ****:****:**** 19Jan13 Saturday 20:****:**** 19Jan13 Saturday 20:****:**** 20Jan13 Sunday ****:****:**** 20Jan13 Sunday 20:****:**** Pay Rate for this locum is up to **** per hour depending on experience. Applicants must have:  GP Performers List with local PCT or LHB  GMC GP registration  Permission to work in the UK  Relevant experience (Experience of working as a GP in the NHS is essential) Assistance will be provided with regard to accommodation and travel arrangements on some occasions. There is a **** reward if we place a doctor that you refer for this job if they are not currently in our database. Reference : **** IF INTERESTED, PLEASE CLICK 'APPLY'." "['fresh', 'medical', 'gp', 'locum', 'south', 'london', 'locum', 'short', 'term', 'locum', 'jan', 'monday', 'jan', 'monday', 'jan', 'thursday', 'jan', 'friday', 'jan', 'friday', 'jan', 'saturday', 'jan', 'saturday', 'jan', 'saturday', 'jan', 'saturday', 'jan', 'saturday', 'jan', 'sunday', 'jan', 'sunday', 'pay', 'rate', 'locum', 'hour', 'depending', 'applicants', 'gp', 'performers', 'list', 'local', 'pct', 'gmc', 'gp', 'registration', 'permission', 'relevant', 'gp', 'nhs', 'essential', 'assistance', 'provided', 'regard', 'accommodation', 'travel', 'arrangements', 'occasions', 'reward', 'place', 'refer', 'database', 'reference', 'interested', 'click']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Financial Reporting Analyst
Webindex: 71432102
Company: Pepsico
Description: We're looking for a qualified accountant to support the European Financial Control team. Yourprimary role will be to prepare and manage the Europe close processes and will be the SubjectMatterExpert for the Periodic close in Hyperion Financial Management (HFM). Maintaining the accurancy and integrity of the financial reporting system will be a key part of this role. You will also take ownership of all adhoc requests from New York and manage the interaction with Market Units in Europe to ensure the provision of robust reporting. Working in the European Control team, you will gain great visibility across all the European Market Units, building relationships across all levels of the business. We're looking for an ambitious high performer who can grow within the role. Key Accountabilities Accounting and Reporting Prepare and manage the **** monthly closes per annum from a control perspective for Europe plus manage US GAAP reporting in accordance with PepsiCo reporting standards and Corporate instructions for the monthly closes Prepare clear Sector reporting instructions for each period and quarter close as well as managing the periodic and quarter Quality of Earnings reporting and quarterly commitments reporting Ensure accuracy of reported results through validation of HFM submissions Manage the integrity of Europe results through the controller confirmation process Manage period close queries including cash flow, cumulative translation account (CTA), restructuring charges and balance sheet changes, by liaising with Corporate and Europe Sector Planning Developing and applying templates for tracking and managing specific reporting activities such as CTA Ensure the timely submission of the consolidated Europe Balance Sheet, Profit Loss and other period end analysis in accordance with Corporate / KPMG deadlines and further develop and improve these analysis tools and processes where appropriate Work with more junior members of the team to manage the intracompany Out of Balance process for Europe. Manage Europe scorecard results for market units to ensure consistent reporting and adherence to required guidelines and agree quarterly scores issued by Corporate. Support the Europe Financial Reporting team in the quarter close processes, notably pre and postcloses, representation letter, accounting compliance, etc. Provide HFM reporting and statutory accounting for an HQ HFM entity. Internal financial controls Manage SOx signoffs including reviews of test scripts performed by more junior team members, discussing the results with the Director of Financial Reporting and Analysis (Director FRA) and work with the internal controls department to identify key controls and design Sox documentation. In addition, assist in ensuring that the key controls are relevant, process design changes and follow up documentation after approval by the Director FRA Financial reporting process efficiency and simplification Take ownership of key debrief actions to ensure that there are continuous improvements in the financial reporting processes for Europe and suggest and implement financial reporting scorecard improvements including liaison with PepsiCo Corporate and the field. Ensure we meet all SOx review, testing and certification requirements Field support and training Be available to conduct field visits and engage in detailed reviews of financial reporting issues,provide onsite training on PepsiCo Europe financial reporting processes and other direct coaching, support, technical knowhow and advice to the sector, regions, and market units, oversee Hyperion Financial Management training delivery across the Europe network as necessary and participate in onboarding meetings for new region or key market financial reporting personnel Develop skills as a Hyperion Financial Management subject matter expert to manage data analysis efficiently and be able to support other users Project work  especially accounting/reporting support for mergers and acquisitions, capex, multiyear contract etc. Experience / Competencies Required  Bachelor's Degree in Finance and/or Accounting Financial accounting / tax experience CPA, ACCA or CA or equivalent Exceptional communicator with the ability to drive process changes throughout Europe Ability deliver robust information to tight deadlines Strong understanding of controls and control environment Strong and established analytical and problem solving skills Solid understanding of US GAAP and/or IFRS preferred Excellent verbal and written communication skills (including awareness of cultural differences in the division) for effective communication Good relationship building skills Thorough understanding of financial metrics Willingness and ability to travel occasionally (including Eastern Europe) Hyperion Financial Management Experience (HFM) Smartview Hyperion Web Analysis Microsoft Office PepsiCo This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinancialReportingAnalyst_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00269.txt " Financial Reporting Analyst" " 71432102" " Pepsico" " We're looking for a qualified accountant to support the European Financial Control team. Yourprimary role will be to prepare and manage the Europe close processes and will be the SubjectMatterExpert for the Periodic close in Hyperion Financial Management (HFM). Maintaining the accurancy and integrity of the financial reporting system will be a key part of this role. You will also take ownership of all adhoc requests from New York and manage the interaction with Market Units in Europe to ensure the provision of robust reporting. Working in the European Control team, you will gain great visibility across all the European Market Units, building relationships across all levels of the business. We're looking for an ambitious high performer who can grow within the role. Key Accountabilities Accounting and Reporting Prepare and manage the **** monthly closes per annum from a control perspective for Europe plus manage US GAAP reporting in accordance with PepsiCo reporting standards and Corporate instructions for the monthly closes Prepare clear Sector reporting instructions for each period and quarter close as well as managing the periodic and quarter Quality of Earnings reporting and quarterly commitments reporting Ensure accuracy of reported results through validation of HFM submissions Manage the integrity of Europe results through the controller confirmation process Manage period close queries including cash flow, cumulative translation account (CTA), restructuring charges and balance sheet changes, by liaising with Corporate and Europe Sector Planning Developing and applying templates for tracking and managing specific reporting activities such as CTA Ensure the timely submission of the consolidated Europe Balance Sheet, Profit Loss and other period end analysis in accordance with Corporate / KPMG deadlines and further develop and improve these analysis tools and processes where appropriate Work with more junior members of the team to manage the intracompany Out of Balance process for Europe. Manage Europe scorecard results for market units to ensure consistent reporting and adherence to required guidelines and agree quarterly scores issued by Corporate. Support the Europe Financial Reporting team in the quarter close processes, notably pre and postcloses, representation letter, accounting compliance, etc. Provide HFM reporting and statutory accounting for an HQ HFM entity. Internal financial controls Manage SOx signoffs including reviews of test scripts performed by more junior team members, discussing the results with the Director of Financial Reporting and Analysis (Director FRA) and work with the internal controls department to identify key controls and design Sox documentation. In addition, assist in ensuring that the key controls are relevant, process design changes and follow up documentation after approval by the Director FRA Financial reporting process efficiency and simplification Take ownership of key debrief actions to ensure that there are continuous improvements in the financial reporting processes for Europe and suggest and implement financial reporting scorecard improvements including liaison with PepsiCo Corporate and the field. Ensure we meet all SOx review, testing and certification requirements Field support and training Be available to conduct field visits and engage in detailed reviews of financial reporting issues,provide onsite training on PepsiCo Europe financial reporting processes and other direct coaching, support, technical knowhow and advice to the sector, regions, and market units, oversee Hyperion Financial Management training delivery across the Europe network as necessary and participate in onboarding meetings for new region or key market financial reporting personnel Develop skills as a Hyperion Financial Management subject matter expert to manage data analysis efficiently and be able to support other users Project work  especially accounting/reporting support for mergers and acquisitions, capex, multiyear contract etc. Experience / Competencies Required  Bachelor's Degree in Finance and/or Accounting Financial accounting / tax experience CPA, ACCA or CA or equivalent Exceptional communicator with the ability to drive process changes throughout Europe Ability deliver robust information to tight deadlines Strong understanding of controls and control environment Strong and established analytical and problem solving skills Solid understanding of US GAAP and/or IFRS preferred Excellent verbal and written communication skills (including awareness of cultural differences in the division) for effective communication Good relationship building skills Thorough understanding of financial metrics Willingness and ability to travel occasionally (including Eastern Europe) Hyperion Financial Management Experience (HFM) Smartview Hyperion Web Analysis Microsoft Office PepsiCo This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinancialReportingAnalyst_job****" "['qualified', 'accountant', 'european', 'control', 'prepare', 'manage', 'europe', 'close', 'processes', 'periodic', 'close', 'hyperion', 'hfm', 'maintaining', 'integrity', 'reporting', 'system', 'key', 'part', 'ownership', 'adhoc', 'requests', 'york', 'manage', 'interaction', 'market', 'units', 'europe', 'provision', 'robust', 'reporting', 'european', 'control', 'gain', 'great', 'european', 'market', 'units', 'building', 'relationships', 'levels', 'ambitious', 'performer', 'grow', 'key', 'accountabilities', 'accounting', 'reporting', 'prepare', 'manage', 'monthly', 'closes', 'annum', 'control', 'perspective', 'europe', 'manage', 'gaap', 'reporting', 'accordance', 'pepsico', 'reporting', 'standards', 'corporate', 'instructions', 'monthly', 'closes', 'prepare', 'clear', 'sector', 'reporting', 'instructions', 'period', 'quarter', 'close', 'managing', 'periodic', 'quarter', 'quality', 'earnings', 'reporting', 'quarterly', 'commitments', 'reporting', 'accuracy', 'reported', 'results', 'validation', 'hfm', 'submissions', 'manage', 'integrity', 'europe', 'results', 'controller', 'confirmation', 'process', 'manage', 'period', 'close', 'queries', 'cash', 'flow', 'translation', 'account', 'cta', 'restructuring', 'balance', 'sheet', 'liaising', 'corporate', 'europe', 'sector', 'planning', 'developing', 'applying', 'templates', 'tracking', 'managing', 'specific', 'reporting', 'activities', 'cta', 'timely', 'submission', 'consolidated', 'europe', 'balance', 'sheet', 'profit', 'loss', 'period', 'end', 'analysis', 'accordance', 'corporate', 'deadlines', 'develop', 'improve', 'analysis', 'tools', 'processes', 'junior', 'members', 'manage', 'balance', 'process', 'europe', 'manage', 'europe', 'scorecard', 'results', 'market', 'units', 'consistent', 'reporting', 'adherence', 'guidelines', 'agree', 'quarterly', 'issued', 'corporate', 'europe', 'reporting', 'quarter', 'close', 'processes', 'pre', 'letter', 'accounting', 'compliance', 'hfm', 'reporting', 'statutory', 'accounting', 'hq', 'hfm', 'entity', 'internal', 'controls', 'manage', 'sox', 'reviews', 'test', 'performed', 'junior', 'members', 'discussing', 'results', 'director', 'reporting', 'analysis', 'director', 'fra', 'internal', 'controls', 'department', 'identify', 'key', 'controls', 'sox', 'documentation', 'addition', 'assist', 'ensuring', 'key', 'controls', 'relevant', 'process', 'follow', 'documentation', 'approval', 'director', 'fra', 'reporting', 'process', 'efficiency', 'ownership', 'key', 'debrief', 'actions', 'continuous', 'improvements', 'reporting', 'processes', 'europe', 'suggest', 'implement', 'reporting', 'scorecard', 'improvements', 'liaison', 'pepsico', 'corporate', 'field', 'meet', 'sox', 'review', 'testing', 'certification', 'requirements', 'field', 'conduct', 'field', 'visits', 'engage', 'detailed', 'reviews', 'reporting', 'issues', 'onsite', 'pepsico', 'europe', 'reporting', 'processes', 'direct', 'coaching', 'technical', 'knowhow', 'advice', 'sector', 'regions', 'market', 'units', 'oversee', 'hyperion', 'delivery', 'europe', 'network', 'participate', 'meetings', 'region', 'key', 'market', 'reporting', 'personnel', 'develop', 'hyperion', 'subject', 'matter', 'expert', 'manage', 'data', 'analysis', 'efficiently', 'users', 'project', 'accounting', 'reporting', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'capex', 'contract', 'competencies', ""bachelor's"", 'degree', 'finance', 'accounting', 'accounting', 'tax', 'cpa', 'acca', 'ca', 'equivalent', 'exceptional', 'communicator', 'drive', 'process', 'europe', 'deliver', 'robust', 'information', 'tight', 'deadlines', 'understanding', 'controls', 'control', 'environment', 'established', 'analytical', 'problem', 'solving', 'solid', 'understanding', 'gaap', 'ifrs', 'preferred', 'verbal', 'written', 'communication', 'awareness', 'cultural', 'differences', 'division', 'effective', 'communication', 'relationship', 'building', 'understanding', 'metrics', 'willingness', 'travel', 'occasionally', 'europe', 'hyperion', 'hfm', 'hyperion', 'web', 'analysis', 'microsoft', 'office', 'pepsico', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Metering Engineer
Webindex: 71820132
Company: Marske Site Services
Description: My client, a leading oilfield services company have a requirement for a Metering Engineer to join the team in Aberdeen. Locations UK  Aberdeen Function Engineering Base location BridgeView Technical requirements: a track record of working on liquid and gas flow measurement systems and a good working knowledge of their principles of operation capable of preparing recertification, operating and maintenance procedures and supervising their implementation able to monitor and control meter system performance and make technically sound recommendations to offshore and onshore personnel good working knowledge of relevant IP, API, AGA, HM, BS and ISO standards and codes of practice good working knowledge and experience gained in the offshore environment familiar with relevant practices and procedures for the management of supply chains for test equipment and measurement devices experience of making representations at external forums and liaising with third parties on behalf of customers recognised as an Oil and Gas measurement practitioner Minimum Requirements: Degree and experience in measurement or HNC / HND and significant experience in measurement Essentials: high level of numeracy and IT skills excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to communicate at all levels team player offshore survival full driving licence Desirables: willing to travel overseas understanding and awareness of the oil and gas business as a whole and the impact of measurement activity on the business experience with a major oil and gas company" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00222.txt " Metering Engineer" " 71820132" " Marske Site Services" " My client, a leading oilfield services company have a requirement for a Metering Engineer to join the team in Aberdeen. Locations UK  Aberdeen Function Engineering Base location BridgeView Technical requirements: a track record of working on liquid and gas flow measurement systems and a good working knowledge of their principles of operation capable of preparing recertification, operating and maintenance procedures and supervising their implementation able to monitor and control meter system performance and make technically sound recommendations to offshore and onshore personnel good working knowledge of relevant IP, API, AGA, HM, BS and ISO standards and codes of practice good working knowledge and experience gained in the offshore environment familiar with relevant practices and procedures for the management of supply chains for test equipment and measurement devices experience of making representations at external forums and liaising with third parties on behalf of customers recognised as an Oil and Gas measurement practitioner Minimum Requirements: Degree and experience in measurement or HNC / HND and significant experience in measurement Essentials: high level of numeracy and IT skills excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to communicate at all levels team player offshore survival full driving licence Desirables: willing to travel overseas understanding and awareness of the oil and gas business as a whole and the impact of measurement activity on the business experience with a major oil and gas company" "['oilfield', 'requirement', 'metering', 'aberdeen', 'locations', 'aberdeen', 'function', 'base', 'location', 'technical', 'requirements', 'track', 'record', 'liquid', 'gas', 'flow', 'measurement', 'principles', 'operation', 'capable', 'preparing', 'operating', 'maintenance', 'procedures', 'supervising', 'implementation', 'monitor', 'control', 'meter', 'system', 'performance', 'make', 'technically', 'sound', 'recommendations', 'offshore', 'onshore', 'personnel', 'relevant', 'ip', 'api', 'hm', 'bs', 'iso', 'standards', 'codes', 'practice', 'gained', 'offshore', 'environment', 'familiar', 'relevant', 'practices', 'procedures', 'supply', 'chains', 'test', 'equipment', 'measurement', 'devices', 'making', 'external', 'forums', 'liaising', 'parties', 'behalf', 'customers', 'recognised', 'oil', 'gas', 'measurement', 'practitioner', 'minimum', 'requirements', 'degree', 'measurement', 'hnc', 'hnd', 'significant', 'measurement', 'essentials', 'level', 'numeracy', 'interpersonal', 'communicate', 'levels', 'player', 'offshore', 'driving', 'licence', 'travel', 'overseas', 'understanding', 'awareness', 'oil', 'gas', 'impact', 'measurement', 'activity', 'major', 'oil', 'gas']" Engineering
"Title: Financial Accountant (Up To 12 Months Fixed Term Maternity Leave Cove
Webindex: 72460233
Company: Jobsite Jobs
Description: The Role Reporting to the Financial Controller, the main responsibilities will include but will not be limited to: Production of Corporation tax returns and Treasury management, Intrastat, EC Sales VAT returns. Statutory financial reporting for group companies to UK GAAP IFRS reporting standards, preparation, reporting and analysis of monthly financial results including consolidation entries via Hyperion in accordance with Divisional Head Office requirements. Preparation of monthly estimates including liaising with site personnel regarding sales and production data, participation in the annual budgeting process. Controlling the SAP general ledger including initial reviewing and following up reconciliations. Interacting with operating personnel in order to understand and add value to the business. Half year and year end reporting requirements for head office to IFRS standards. The Requirements An individual with a recognised accounting qualification with at least ****  5 years experience ideally directly from practice, or a similar role with ****  5 years experience of producing Corporation tax returns. Excellent computer skills in particular Excel, Word and Powerpoint. Knowledge of using SAP and Hyperion systems would be advantageous but is not essential. Selfmotivated and capable of working unsupervised with the ability to meet tight deadlines, enthusiastic team player with strong interpersonal skills and a flexible attitude to work. An excellent communicator with the ability to communicate with people at all levels, strong commitment to continuous improvement, development and safety." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00280.txt " Financial Accountant (Up To 12 Months Fixed Term Maternity Leave Cove" " 72460233" " Jobsite Jobs" " The Role Reporting to the Financial Controller, the main responsibilities will include but will not be limited to: Production of Corporation tax returns and Treasury management, Intrastat, EC Sales VAT returns. Statutory financial reporting for group companies to UK GAAP IFRS reporting standards, preparation, reporting and analysis of monthly financial results including consolidation entries via Hyperion in accordance with Divisional Head Office requirements. Preparation of monthly estimates including liaising with site personnel regarding sales and production data, participation in the annual budgeting process. Controlling the SAP general ledger including initial reviewing and following up reconciliations. Interacting with operating personnel in order to understand and add value to the business. Half year and year end reporting requirements for head office to IFRS standards. The Requirements An individual with a recognised accounting qualification with at least ****  5 years experience ideally directly from practice, or a similar role with ****  5 years experience of producing Corporation tax returns. Excellent computer skills in particular Excel, Word and Powerpoint. Knowledge of using SAP and Hyperion systems would be advantageous but is not essential. Selfmotivated and capable of working unsupervised with the ability to meet tight deadlines, enthusiastic team player with strong interpersonal skills and a flexible attitude to work. An excellent communicator with the ability to communicate with people at all levels, strong commitment to continuous improvement, development and safety." "['reporting', 'controller', 'main', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'limited', 'production', 'corporation', 'tax', 'returns', 'treasury', 'ec', 'vat', 'returns', 'statutory', 'reporting', 'group', 'companies', 'gaap', 'ifrs', 'reporting', 'standards', 'preparation', 'reporting', 'analysis', 'monthly', 'results', 'consolidation', 'entries', 'hyperion', 'accordance', 'divisional', 'head', 'office', 'requirements', 'preparation', 'monthly', 'estimates', 'liaising', 'site', 'personnel', 'production', 'data', 'participation', 'annual', 'budgeting', 'process', 'controlling', 'sap', 'general', 'ledger', 'initial', 'reviewing', 'reconciliations', 'interacting', 'operating', 'personnel', 'order', 'understand', 'add', 'half', 'year', 'year', 'end', 'reporting', 'requirements', 'head', 'office', 'ifrs', 'standards', 'requirements', 'individual', 'recognised', 'accounting', 'qualification', 'years', 'ideally', 'directly', 'practice', 'similar', 'years', 'producing', 'corporation', 'tax', 'returns', 'computer', 'excel', 'word', 'powerpoint', 'sap', 'hyperion', 'advantageous', 'essential', 'selfmotivated', 'capable', 'unsupervised', 'meet', 'tight', 'deadlines', 'enthusiastic', 'player', 'interpersonal', 'flexible', 'attitude', 'communicator', 'communicate', 'people', 'levels', 'commitment', 'continuous', 'improvement', 'safety']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Sales Manager (With Digital Advertising Experience)
Webindex: 68688072
Company: SRL Sales
Description: Sales Manager (With Digital Advertising Experience) South West (Bristol) ****k  ****k Basic, Bonus  benefits SRL Sales Recruitment are working with a major player within the digital advertising industry. Due to continued growth, they now seek an experienced Sales Manager (With Digital Advertising Experience). To be considered for this career, you will have many years media/advertising sales experience in a Sales Management capacity (With Digital Advertising Experience). For more information on this Sales Management career, send CV to edwardsrlsales.com SKILLS: Sales Manager, Advertising Field Sales, Media Field Sales, Digital Field Sales, Advertising Sales, Media Sales, Online Advertising, Business Development, Sales Management, Digital sales This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesManagerWithDigitalAdvertisingExperience_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00735.txt " Sales Manager (With Digital Advertising Experience)" " 68688072" " SRL Sales" " Sales Manager (With Digital Advertising Experience) South West (Bristol) ****k  ****k Basic, Bonus  benefits SRL Sales Recruitment are working with a major player within the digital advertising industry. Due to continued growth, they now seek an experienced Sales Manager (With Digital Advertising Experience). To be considered for this career, you will have many years media/advertising sales experience in a Sales Management capacity (With Digital Advertising Experience). For more information on this Sales Management career, send CV to edwardsrlsales.com SKILLS: Sales Manager, Advertising Field Sales, Media Field Sales, Digital Field Sales, Advertising Sales, Media Sales, Online Advertising, Business Development, Sales Management, Digital sales This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesManagerWithDigitalAdvertisingExperience_job****" "['digital', 'advertising', 'south', 'west', 'bristol', 'basic', 'bonus', 'benefits', 'major', 'player', 'digital', 'advertising', 'industry', 'due', 'continued', 'growth', 'seek', 'experienced', 'digital', 'advertising', 'considered', 'career', 'years', 'media', 'advertising', 'capacity', 'digital', 'advertising', 'information', 'career', 'send', 'cv', 'edwardsrlsales', 'advertising', 'field', 'media', 'field', 'digital', 'field', 'advertising', 'media', 'online', 'advertising', 'digital', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Associate Geotechnical Consultant
Webindex: 72351069
Company: Penguin Recruitment Ltd
Description: Reference: LR/FEB/**** Our client is one of the UK's largest Multi National Multi Disciplinary Engineering Consultancies and is currently seeking to appoint an experienced Associate Geotechnical Consultant to work out of their Glasgow Offices. You shall be responsible for growth & development of the geotechnical design department of their Scotland offices. It is essential that you have a sound understanding of soil mechanics and geotechnical design of earthworks & associated geotechnical structures. You're required to have experience with working with design & build contracts and have previous consultancy experience undertaking project management. Candidates are required to have a first degree in Civil Engineering or Engineering Geology and have further academic qualifications specialising in Geotechnical Engineering. It is expected that you will be at Chartered Engineer status with a recognised professional body and have a minimum of 10 years consultancy. Responsibilities: Delivery of Geotechnical design projects Growth of Geotechnical department Monitor/Mentoring of junior engineers Management of ground risk Reports & design deliverables The role will offer the ideal candidate an excellent opportunity for career progression and in addition you shall receive a very competitive salary and company benefits to match your Geotechnical knowledge and experience. To apply for the role please send your CV to lee.rimellpenguinrecruitment.co.uk or alternatively call Lee Rimell on **** ****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00123.txt " Associate Geotechnical Consultant" " 72351069" " Penguin Recruitment Ltd" " Reference: LR/FEB/**** Our client is one of the UK's largest Multi National Multi Disciplinary Engineering Consultancies and is currently seeking to appoint an experienced Associate Geotechnical Consultant to work out of their Glasgow Offices. You shall be responsible for growth & development of the geotechnical design department of their Scotland offices. It is essential that you have a sound understanding of soil mechanics and geotechnical design of earthworks & associated geotechnical structures. You're required to have experience with working with design & build contracts and have previous consultancy experience undertaking project management. Candidates are required to have a first degree in Civil Engineering or Engineering Geology and have further academic qualifications specialising in Geotechnical Engineering. It is expected that you will be at Chartered Engineer status with a recognised professional body and have a minimum of 10 years consultancy. Responsibilities: Delivery of Geotechnical design projects Growth of Geotechnical department Monitor/Mentoring of junior engineers Management of ground risk Reports & design deliverables The role will offer the ideal candidate an excellent opportunity for career progression and in addition you shall receive a very competitive salary and company benefits to match your Geotechnical knowledge and experience. To apply for the role please send your CV to lee.rimellpenguinrecruitment.co.uk or alternatively call Lee Rimell on **** ****" "['reference', 'feb', ""uk's"", 'largest', 'multi', 'national', 'multi', 'disciplinary', 'consultancies', 'seeking', 'appoint', 'experienced', 'associate', 'geotechnical', 'consultant', 'glasgow', 'offices', 'responsible', 'growth', 'geotechnical', 'department', 'scotland', 'offices', 'essential', 'sound', 'understanding', 'mechanics', 'geotechnical', 'geotechnical', 'structures', 'build', 'contracts', 'previous', 'consultancy', 'undertaking', 'project', 'candidates', 'degree', 'civil', 'geology', 'academic', 'qualifications', 'specialising', 'geotechnical', 'expected', 'chartered', 'status', 'recognised', 'professional', 'body', 'minimum', 'years', 'consultancy', 'responsibilities', 'delivery', 'geotechnical', 'projects', 'growth', 'geotechnical', 'department', 'monitor', 'mentoring', 'junior', 'engineers', 'ground', 'risk', 'reports', 'deliverables', 'offer', 'ideal', 'career', 'progression', 'addition', 'receive', 'competitive', 'benefits', 'match', 'geotechnical', 'send', 'cv', 'lee', 'alternatively', 'call', 'lee']" Engineering
"Title: Care Workers  Full Time Part Time
Webindex: 62007842
Company: Bluebird Care   Guildford and Waverley
Description: Do you have a caring nature, a serious commitment to work, and a desire to make a real difference to the everyday lives of people who need a helping hand? If so you may be the ideal person to join the Bluebird Care homecare team operating across the Woking, Guildford, and Waverley local district areas. We are a homecare team, working in the community to deliver a high standard of care to people in their own homes. The role is interesting and rewarding and you will be fully supported along the way. We offer comprehensive training and support and good rates of pay working amongst friendly, professional people. This is a role that is equally suitable for those with experience in the care sector or those without any experience but a commitment to make a difference. All age groups will be equally considered (over ****). You must have your own vehicle. Areas where care workers are needed include Guildford, Woking, Farnham, Godalming, Haslemere, Horsley, West Byfleet. To submit your CV or for more information please click on the apply button below" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00475.txt " Care Workers  Full Time Part Time" " 62007842" " Bluebird Care   Guildford and Waverley" " Do you have a caring nature, a serious commitment to work, and a desire to make a real difference to the everyday lives of people who need a helping hand? If so you may be the ideal person to join the Bluebird Care homecare team operating across the Woking, Guildford, and Waverley local district areas. We are a homecare team, working in the community to deliver a high standard of care to people in their own homes. The role is interesting and rewarding and you will be fully supported along the way. We offer comprehensive training and support and good rates of pay working amongst friendly, professional people. This is a role that is equally suitable for those with experience in the care sector or those without any experience but a commitment to make a difference. All age groups will be equally considered (over ****). You must have your own vehicle. Areas where care workers are needed include Guildford, Woking, Farnham, Godalming, Haslemere, Horsley, West Byfleet. To submit your CV or for more information please click on the apply button below" "['caring', 'nature', 'commitment', 'desire', 'make', 'real', 'difference', 'everyday', 'lives', 'people', 'helping', 'hand', 'ideal', 'person', 'bluebird', 'homecare', 'operating', 'woking', 'guildford', 'local', 'district', 'areas', 'homecare', 'community', 'deliver', 'standard', 'people', 'homes', 'interesting', 'rewarding', 'fully', 'supported', 'offer', 'comprehensive', 'rates', 'pay', 'friendly', 'professional', 'people', 'equally', 'suitable', 'sector', 'commitment', 'make', 'difference', 'age', 'groups', 'equally', 'considered', 'vehicle', 'areas', 'workers', 'needed', 'include', 'guildford', 'woking', 'haslemere', 'west', 'submit', 'cv', 'information', 'click', 'button']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: TIG Welder
Webindex: 68591444
Company: Resourcing Solutions Ltd
Description: Resourcing Solutions currently require a Bristolbased TIG welder to work on stainless steel pipe and plate with the materials ranging ****  ****mm in thickness. To be considered for the role, you would have welded to a coded standard, be capable of MIG welding and have experience of industrial work. You will be expected to work **** hour days and in return receive a competitive rate of up ****p/h (ltd company). For further information please call Jason Walkington on **** 94**** **** or apply online." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00024.txt " TIG Welder" " 68591444" " Resourcing Solutions Ltd" " Resourcing Solutions currently require a Bristolbased TIG welder to work on stainless steel pipe and plate with the materials ranging ****  ****mm in thickness. To be considered for the role, you would have welded to a coded standard, be capable of MIG welding and have experience of industrial work. You will be expected to work **** hour days and in return receive a competitive rate of up ****p/h (ltd company). For further information please call Jason Walkington on **** 94**** **** or apply online." "['resourcing', 'solutions', 'require', 'tig', 'welder', 'stainless', 'steel', 'pipe', 'plate', 'materials', 'ranging', 'mm', 'considered', 'coded', 'standard', 'capable', 'mig', 'welding', 'industrial', 'expected', 'hour', 'days', 'return', 'receive', 'competitive', 'rate', 'information', 'call', 'jason', 'online']" Engineering
"Title: Sales/Associate Director  ****  ****  Equity  Car  B
Webindex: 71361732
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Sales/Associate Director  ****  ****  Equity  Car  Bonus  Pension North Wales Unique opportunity to join an established commercial brokerage offering an existing book of business, equity and a realistic progression plan to branch management. The Role Our client is looking to appoint an experienced broking professional who can ultimately take full responsibility for managing the branch performance. The role will see the successful applicant take a key role within the business, focussing on the management of key accounts as well as driving commercial growth in line with personal targets and through mentoring staff and marketing initiatives/strategy. You will also work closely with the existing manager on a structured progression plan to inherit full management responsibility (staff, P L, development and market strategy, etc.) within a realistic timeframe. The Company Our client is an established commercial brokerage with a strong presence throughout North Wales/Staffordshire/Cheshire. They have an experienced team of knowledgeable professionals and a loyal client base. They focus on winning and subsequently retaining sustainable, cross class commercial business and are able to offer solid advice as well as strong products and rates via an impressive panel of insurers. The Successful Applicant The successful applicant will be an individual who can demonstrate a track record of business development within the commercial insurance market  you will be able to demonstrate a solid understanding of commercial risks and also a high degree of commercial acumen. Experience of managing staff and/or a P L would be advantageous as would industry qualifications although these are not essential. Package The package on offer is negotiable dependant on experience and ability, but a basic salary guide should be c****k****k. There will also be the opportunity to secure equity and an attractive suite of benefits. Please visit (url removed) for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00388.txt " Sales/Associate Director  ****  ****  Equity  Car  B" " 71361732" " UKStaffsearch" " Sales/Associate Director  ****  ****  Equity  Car  Bonus  Pension North Wales Unique opportunity to join an established commercial brokerage offering an existing book of business, equity and a realistic progression plan to branch management. The Role Our client is looking to appoint an experienced broking professional who can ultimately take full responsibility for managing the branch performance. The role will see the successful applicant take a key role within the business, focussing on the management of key accounts as well as driving commercial growth in line with personal targets and through mentoring staff and marketing initiatives/strategy. You will also work closely with the existing manager on a structured progression plan to inherit full management responsibility (staff, P L, development and market strategy, etc.) within a realistic timeframe. The Company Our client is an established commercial brokerage with a strong presence throughout North Wales/Staffordshire/Cheshire. They have an experienced team of knowledgeable professionals and a loyal client base. They focus on winning and subsequently retaining sustainable, cross class commercial business and are able to offer solid advice as well as strong products and rates via an impressive panel of insurers. The Successful Applicant The successful applicant will be an individual who can demonstrate a track record of business development within the commercial insurance market  you will be able to demonstrate a solid understanding of commercial risks and also a high degree of commercial acumen. Experience of managing staff and/or a P L would be advantageous as would industry qualifications although these are not essential. Package The package on offer is negotiable dependant on experience and ability, but a basic salary guide should be c****k****k. There will also be the opportunity to secure equity and an attractive suite of benefits. Please visit (url removed) for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful." "['associate', 'director', 'equity', 'car', 'bonus', 'pension', 'north', 'wales', 'unique', 'established', 'commercial', 'brokerage', 'offering', 'existing', 'book', 'equity', 'realistic', 'progression', 'plan', 'branch', 'appoint', 'experienced', 'broking', 'professional', 'ultimately', 'responsibility', 'managing', 'branch', 'performance', 'applicant', 'key', 'focussing', 'key', 'accounts', 'driving', 'commercial', 'growth', 'line', 'personal', 'targets', 'mentoring', 'marketing', 'initiatives', 'strategy', 'closely', 'existing', 'structured', 'progression', 'plan', 'inherit', 'responsibility', 'market', 'strategy', 'realistic', 'timeframe', 'established', 'commercial', 'brokerage', 'presence', 'north', 'wales', 'staffordshire', 'cheshire', 'experienced', 'knowledgeable', 'professionals', 'loyal', 'base', 'focus', 'winning', 'subsequently', 'retaining', 'sustainable', 'cross', 'class', 'commercial', 'offer', 'solid', 'advice', 'products', 'rates', 'impressive', 'panel', 'insurers', 'applicant', 'applicant', 'individual', 'demonstrate', 'track', 'record', 'commercial', 'insurance', 'market', 'demonstrate', 'solid', 'understanding', 'commercial', 'risks', 'degree', 'commercial', 'acumen', 'managing', 'advantageous', 'industry', 'qualifications', 'essential', 'package', 'package', 'offer', 'negotiable', 'dependant', 'basic', 'guide', 'secure', 'equity', 'attractive', 'suite', 'benefits', 'visit', 'url', 'removed', 'opportunities', 'foot', 'note', 'application', 'contact', 'discuss', 'detail', 'hours', 'receiving', 'application', 'application', 'unsuccessful', 'information', 'supplied', 'retained', 'connection', 'future', 'vacancies', 'due', 'overwhelming', 'application', 'response', 'receive', 'sources', 'hear', 'week', 'assume', 'application', 'unsuccessful']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Graduate PA, Financial Services  London
Webindex: 71903625
Company: Coast Specialist Recruitment
Description: My client, a boutique Financial Services firm seeks a Graduate PA to join the group to support the Managing Director and his team. nbsp; The role requires the successful candidate to be able to work well under pressure and use their own initiative with excellent communication skills. nbsp; Main Responsibilities:  Manage an ever changing and complex diary  Arrange all travel arrangements including accommodation, flights and taxis  Act as a gatekeeper to all email and telephone calls  Processing expenses  Scheduling meetings internally and externally  Produce reports and agendas for the Director  Preparation of KYC Forms for each new client nbsp; Candidates must have previous financial services experience and be educated to a degree level. Audio typing experience would be beneficial and touch type at ****wpm. nbsp; nbsp;" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00308.txt " Graduate PA, Financial Services  London" " 71903625" " Coast Specialist Recruitment" " My client, a boutique Financial Services firm seeks a Graduate PA to join the group to support the Managing Director and his team. nbsp; The role requires the successful candidate to be able to work well under pressure and use their own initiative with excellent communication skills. nbsp; Main Responsibilities:  Manage an ever changing and complex diary  Arrange all travel arrangements including accommodation, flights and taxis  Act as a gatekeeper to all email and telephone calls  Processing expenses  Scheduling meetings internally and externally  Produce reports and agendas for the Director  Preparation of KYC Forms for each new client nbsp; Candidates must have previous financial services experience and be educated to a degree level. Audio typing experience would be beneficial and touch type at ****wpm. nbsp; nbsp;" "['boutique', 'firm', 'seeks', 'graduate', 'pa', 'group', 'managing', 'director', 'nbsp', 'requires', 'pressure', 'initiative', 'communication', 'nbsp', 'main', 'responsibilities', 'manage', 'changing', 'complex', 'diary', 'arrange', 'travel', 'arrangements', 'accommodation', 'flights', 'act', 'email', 'telephone', 'calls', 'processing', 'expenses', 'scheduling', 'meetings', 'internally', 'externally', 'produce', 'reports', 'director', 'preparation', 'forms', 'nbsp', 'candidates', 'previous', 'educated', 'degree', 'level', 'audio', 'typing', 'beneficial', 'touch', 'type', 'nbsp', 'nbsp']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Commercial Adjusting Executive
Webindex: 72338560
Company: Exchange Street Executive Search
Description: Our client is seeking a Commercial Adjusting Executive to work out of their London office and operate throughout the London / South East regions as required, handling a portfolio of commercial (material damage / business interruption) claims without financial restriction on a cradle to grave basis and networking / developing clients in the London / Lloyds market. There will be a prospective share offering for the right candidate. We are ideally looking for an Adjuster with a minimum of 5 years commercial adjusting experience; someone with ambition who to work alongside the Executive Team in a DirectorShareholder capacity. You will be AFCILA qualified and known in the market for your work. Applicants should forward their CV to Martin Porthouse at Exchange Street Manchester office  (Apply online only) Ext **** / (url removed); Job Ref: MPO **** For all other vacancies, take a look at our website  (url removed)" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00296.txt " Commercial Adjusting Executive" " 72338560" " Exchange Street Executive Search" " Our client is seeking a Commercial Adjusting Executive to work out of their London office and operate throughout the London / South East regions as required, handling a portfolio of commercial (material damage / business interruption) claims without financial restriction on a cradle to grave basis and networking / developing clients in the London / Lloyds market. There will be a prospective share offering for the right candidate. We are ideally looking for an Adjuster with a minimum of 5 years commercial adjusting experience; someone with ambition who to work alongside the Executive Team in a DirectorShareholder capacity. You will be AFCILA qualified and known in the market for your work. Applicants should forward their CV to Martin Porthouse at Exchange Street Manchester office  (Apply online only) Ext **** / (url removed); Job Ref: MPO **** For all other vacancies, take a look at our website  (url removed)" "['seeking', 'commercial', 'adjusting', 'executive', 'london', 'office', 'operate', 'london', 'south', 'east', 'regions', 'handling', 'portfolio', 'commercial', 'material', 'damage', 'claims', 'restriction', 'basis', 'networking', 'developing', 'london', 'market', 'prospective', 'share', 'offering', 'ideally', 'adjuster', 'minimum', 'years', 'commercial', 'adjusting', 'ambition', 'alongside', 'executive', 'capacity', 'qualified', 'market', 'applicants', 'forward', 'cv', 'exchange', 'street', 'manchester', 'office', 'online', 'ext', 'url', 'removed', 'ref', 'vacancies', 'website', 'url', 'removed']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Digital Media Sales Graduate
Webindex: 68347634
Company: Jobsite Jobs
Description: Sector: Internet Marketing Solutions Location: South West Salary: **** Basic Salary plus OTE **** plus company car  Multi Million pound turnover  Market leader in marketing solutions  Fantastic training opportunity  Face to Face client visits  Full sales academy training Role: As a graduate sales executive you will be responsible for promoting the company s extensive range of internet marketing solutions into independent SME s. After full sales training you will be responsible for prospecting for your own accounts that you can then maintain and develop. You will take full responsibility for your own diary, making and managing face to face appointments, promoting the range of services and negotiating the contracts. You will be required to make at least **** face to face appointments per week and spend one day in the office per week. As a business development manager you will be solely responsible for your own territory and full account base. This is a fantastic opportunity for a strong calibre graduate to gain commercial exposure and responsibility. The Company: This market leader of internet marketing and social media solutions is now seeking a strong calibre graduate to join their team as a graduate sales executive. Responsibilities will include:  Face to face client visits  Full account and territory management  Prospecting for new clients  Contract negotiation The Package for this Graduate Sales role:  **** basic salary plus OTE ****  Company Car  Mobile  Laptop  Healthcare and Pension  20 days holiday" 3 data/Sales\Job_00719.txt " Digital Media Sales Graduate" " 68347634" " Jobsite Jobs" " Sector: Internet Marketing Solutions Location: South West Salary: **** Basic Salary plus OTE **** plus company car  Multi Million pound turnover  Market leader in marketing solutions  Fantastic training opportunity  Face to Face client visits  Full sales academy training Role: As a graduate sales executive you will be responsible for promoting the company s extensive range of internet marketing solutions into independent SME s. After full sales training you will be responsible for prospecting for your own accounts that you can then maintain and develop. You will take full responsibility for your own diary, making and managing face to face appointments, promoting the range of services and negotiating the contracts. You will be required to make at least **** face to face appointments per week and spend one day in the office per week. As a business development manager you will be solely responsible for your own territory and full account base. This is a fantastic opportunity for a strong calibre graduate to gain commercial exposure and responsibility. The Company: This market leader of internet marketing and social media solutions is now seeking a strong calibre graduate to join their team as a graduate sales executive. Responsibilities will include:  Face to face client visits  Full account and territory management  Prospecting for new clients  Contract negotiation The Package for this Graduate Sales role:  **** basic salary plus OTE ****  Company Car  Mobile  Laptop  Healthcare and Pension  20 days holiday" "['sector', 'internet', 'marketing', 'solutions', 'location', 'south', 'west', 'basic', 'ote', 'car', 'multi', 'million', 'pound', 'turnover', 'market', 'leader', 'marketing', 'solutions', 'fantastic', 'face', 'face', 'visits', 'academy', 'graduate', 'executive', 'responsible', 'promoting', 'extensive', 'range', 'internet', 'marketing', 'solutions', 'independent', 'sme', 'responsible', 'prospecting', 'accounts', 'maintain', 'develop', 'responsibility', 'diary', 'making', 'managing', 'face', 'face', 'appointments', 'promoting', 'range', 'negotiating', 'contracts', 'make', 'face', 'face', 'appointments', 'week', 'spend', 'day', 'office', 'week', 'solely', 'responsible', 'territory', 'account', 'base', 'fantastic', 'calibre', 'graduate', 'gain', 'commercial', 'exposure', 'responsibility', 'market', 'leader', 'internet', 'marketing', 'social', 'media', 'solutions', 'seeking', 'calibre', 'graduate', 'graduate', 'executive', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'face', 'face', 'visits', 'account', 'territory', 'prospecting', 'contract', 'negotiation', 'package', 'graduate', 'basic', 'ote', 'car', 'mobile', 'laptop', 'healthcare', 'pension', 'days', 'holiday']" Sales
"Title: Sales Support Administrator Jobs In Scotland
Webindex: 71443726
Company: Eden Scott
Description: Eden Scott is working with a highly regarded IFA business who is seeking an experienced sales support administrator for their busy Aberdeen office. This well respected organisation has an excellent reputation for providing top quality financial planning advice. They are committed to providing career progression opportunities and will support you in achieving further industry qualifications. As sales support administrator you will provide the full range of administrative assistance to a team of IFA including processing new business, servicing existing business, liaising with management, IFAs, product providers and clients, dealing with commission payments, general administrative duties. You will be a confident communicator who is comfortable communicating with people at all levels as you will be required to liaise with internal and external scheme members, trustees and other stakeholders. Applicants must have previous sales support experience preferably within and IFA office. On offer is excellent salary of ******** For further information please send a CV to carly.mackenzieedenscott.com or call **** **** ****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00284.txt " Sales Support Administrator Jobs In Scotland" " 71443726" " Eden Scott" " Eden Scott is working with a highly regarded IFA business who is seeking an experienced sales support administrator for their busy Aberdeen office. This well respected organisation has an excellent reputation for providing top quality financial planning advice. They are committed to providing career progression opportunities and will support you in achieving further industry qualifications. As sales support administrator you will provide the full range of administrative assistance to a team of IFA including processing new business, servicing existing business, liaising with management, IFAs, product providers and clients, dealing with commission payments, general administrative duties. You will be a confident communicator who is comfortable communicating with people at all levels as you will be required to liaise with internal and external scheme members, trustees and other stakeholders. Applicants must have previous sales support experience preferably within and IFA office. On offer is excellent salary of ******** For further information please send a CV to carly.mackenzieedenscott.com or call **** **** ****" "['eden', 'scott', 'highly', 'regarded', 'ifa', 'seeking', 'experienced', 'administrator', 'busy', 'aberdeen', 'office', 'respected', 'organisation', 'reputation', 'providing', 'top', 'quality', 'planning', 'advice', 'committed', 'providing', 'career', 'progression', 'opportunities', 'achieving', 'industry', 'qualifications', 'administrator', 'range', 'administrative', 'assistance', 'ifa', 'processing', 'servicing', 'existing', 'liaising', 'ifas', 'product', 'providers', 'dealing', 'commission', 'payments', 'general', 'administrative', 'duties', 'confident', 'communicator', 'comfortable', 'communicating', 'people', 'levels', 'liaise', 'internal', 'external', 'scheme', 'members', 'trustees', 'stakeholders', 'applicants', 'previous', 'preferably', 'ifa', 'office', 'offer', 'information', 'send', 'cv', 'call']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Electrical Design Engineer  Engineering Consultancy
Webindex: 72444214
Company: Girling Jones
Description: An awardwinning firm of international consulting engineers specialising in mechanical, electrical and environmental engineering are looking to hire two electrical design engineers to join their busy south west team. Working within a dedicated and skilled team you will be undertaking detailed engineering designs on high profile projects under the guidance of senior colleagues. The role will involve working closely with clients, architects as well as other divisions and engineers within the company. Job Role: Working independently, undertake calculations and lead designs Undertake the role of Job Leader Take a project through from scheme to completion Work competently on an independent basis, as well as collaborating within the design team and lead the MEP project team Communicate directly with clients Prepare technical and financial proposals for new work Manage workload of Project Discipline Engineers and Technicians Prepare and take responsibility for concept and preliminary engineering solutions for detail design Prepare technical specifications Monitor financial performance of jobs Set up and manage job/project administrative systems, including planning and monitoring job resourcing/expenditure Ensure senior staff are kept informed of important and relevant service/design decisions and the objectives of the client are achieved We are looking for applicants with the following skills and attributes: Degree qualified with a BEng, MEng or equivalent Chartered or Incorporated Engineer, or clear evidence of working towards chartership or equivalent. Considerable experience on a variety of large, complex and international projects Experience of AutoCAD, Amtech and Dialux is essential Experience of Revit MEP is desirable This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ElectricalDesignEngineerEngineeringConsultancy_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00156.txt " Electrical Design Engineer  Engineering Consultancy" " 72444214" " Girling Jones" " An awardwinning firm of international consulting engineers specialising in mechanical, electrical and environmental engineering are looking to hire two electrical design engineers to join their busy south west team. Working within a dedicated and skilled team you will be undertaking detailed engineering designs on high profile projects under the guidance of senior colleagues. The role will involve working closely with clients, architects as well as other divisions and engineers within the company. Job Role: Working independently, undertake calculations and lead designs Undertake the role of Job Leader Take a project through from scheme to completion Work competently on an independent basis, as well as collaborating within the design team and lead the MEP project team Communicate directly with clients Prepare technical and financial proposals for new work Manage workload of Project Discipline Engineers and Technicians Prepare and take responsibility for concept and preliminary engineering solutions for detail design Prepare technical specifications Monitor financial performance of jobs Set up and manage job/project administrative systems, including planning and monitoring job resourcing/expenditure Ensure senior staff are kept informed of important and relevant service/design decisions and the objectives of the client are achieved We are looking for applicants with the following skills and attributes: Degree qualified with a BEng, MEng or equivalent Chartered or Incorporated Engineer, or clear evidence of working towards chartership or equivalent. Considerable experience on a variety of large, complex and international projects Experience of AutoCAD, Amtech and Dialux is essential Experience of Revit MEP is desirable This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ElectricalDesignEngineerEngineeringConsultancy_job****" "['awardwinning', 'firm', 'international', 'consulting', 'engineers', 'specialising', 'mechanical', 'electrical', 'environmental', 'hire', 'electrical', 'engineers', 'busy', 'south', 'west', 'dedicated', 'skilled', 'undertaking', 'detailed', 'designs', 'profile', 'projects', 'guidance', 'senior', 'colleagues', 'involve', 'closely', 'architects', 'divisions', 'engineers', 'independently', 'undertake', 'calculations', 'lead', 'designs', 'undertake', 'leader', 'project', 'scheme', 'completion', 'competently', 'independent', 'basis', 'collaborating', 'lead', 'mep', 'project', 'communicate', 'directly', 'prepare', 'technical', 'proposals', 'manage', 'workload', 'project', 'discipline', 'engineers', 'technicians', 'prepare', 'responsibility', 'concept', 'preliminary', 'solutions', 'detail', 'prepare', 'technical', 'specifications', 'monitor', 'performance', 'jobs', 'set', 'manage', 'project', 'administrative', 'planning', 'monitoring', 'resourcing', 'expenditure', 'senior', 'informed', 'important', 'relevant', 'decisions', 'objectives', 'achieved', 'applicants', 'attributes', 'degree', 'qualified', 'beng', 'meng', 'equivalent', 'chartered', 'incorporated', 'clear', 'evidence', 'chartership', 'equivalent', 'considerable', 'variety', 'large', 'complex', 'international', 'projects', 'autocad', 'essential', 'mep', 'desirable', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Registered General Nurse
Webindex: 72241686
Company: Imiris
Description: Registered General Nurse  Days Stockport **** per hour Full or part time hours available This 24 bed nursing home for older people is currently recruiting for a Registered General Nurse to join its nursing team. The home is based in central Stockport As Registered General Nurse, you will lead a care team and assist the management team in the delivery of person centred care. The home is on the Gold Standards Framework and follows the Liverpool Care Pathway. Key duties will include care planning, administering medication and adhering to the standards set by the company and CQC. You will be RGN qualified with an active NMC pin. You will ideally have previous care home and end of life care experience. The hourly rate for this role is **** per hour, and there are full and part time hours available The home is in central Stockport on the main route to Manchester, so the public transport is excellent. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegisteredGeneralNurse_job****" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00423.txt " Registered General Nurse" " 72241686" " Imiris" " Registered General Nurse  Days Stockport **** per hour Full or part time hours available This 24 bed nursing home for older people is currently recruiting for a Registered General Nurse to join its nursing team. The home is based in central Stockport As Registered General Nurse, you will lead a care team and assist the management team in the delivery of person centred care. The home is on the Gold Standards Framework and follows the Liverpool Care Pathway. Key duties will include care planning, administering medication and adhering to the standards set by the company and CQC. You will be RGN qualified with an active NMC pin. You will ideally have previous care home and end of life care experience. The hourly rate for this role is **** per hour, and there are full and part time hours available The home is in central Stockport on the main route to Manchester, so the public transport is excellent. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegisteredGeneralNurse_job****" "['registered', 'general', 'nurse', 'days', 'stockport', 'hour', 'part', 'time', 'hours', 'bed', 'nursing', 'older', 'people', 'recruiting', 'registered', 'general', 'nurse', 'nursing', 'central', 'stockport', 'registered', 'general', 'nurse', 'lead', 'assist', 'delivery', 'person', 'centred', 'gold', 'standards', 'framework', 'liverpool', 'pathway', 'key', 'duties', 'include', 'planning', 'administering', 'medication', 'adhering', 'standards', 'set', 'cqc', 'rgn', 'qualified', 'active', 'nmc', 'pin', 'ideally', 'previous', 'end', 'life', 'hourly', 'rate', 'hour', 'part', 'time', 'hours', 'central', 'stockport', 'main', 'route', 'manchester', 'public', 'transport', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Sales Executive  Excellent OTE Offered
Webindex: 69001764
Company: Adecco
Description: Do you have previous sales experience (face to face or telephone)? Are you a well presented and confident person? Do you have drive to succeed and achieve set targets? Seeking an experienced Sales Person to join my Client based in Rushden. Your overall job role is to provide face to face and telephone advise to customers on their purchase and achieve the end sale. General duties include:  Face to face sales.  Showing customers around the site.  Telephone sales  following up on leads and calling lapsed customers.  Negotiating and closing the sale.  Meeting customer requirements.  Offering excellent customer service at all times. You will be a confident individual with a drive to succeed in a sales role. The successful candidate will be required to work weekends, but in return will be given two day s off during the week. LOCATION: Rushden HOURS: 5 days per week between the hours of ****:00am and ****:00pm (on shift basis) SALARY: Basic salary plus Commission  OTE ****  **** Adecco are an equal opportunities employer. Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy" 3 data/Sales\Job_00758.txt " Sales Executive  Excellent OTE Offered" " 69001764" " Adecco" " Do you have previous sales experience (face to face or telephone)? Are you a well presented and confident person? Do you have drive to succeed and achieve set targets? Seeking an experienced Sales Person to join my Client based in Rushden. Your overall job role is to provide face to face and telephone advise to customers on their purchase and achieve the end sale. General duties include:  Face to face sales.  Showing customers around the site.  Telephone sales  following up on leads and calling lapsed customers.  Negotiating and closing the sale.  Meeting customer requirements.  Offering excellent customer service at all times. You will be a confident individual with a drive to succeed in a sales role. The successful candidate will be required to work weekends, but in return will be given two day s off during the week. LOCATION: Rushden HOURS: 5 days per week between the hours of ****:00am and ****:00pm (on shift basis) SALARY: Basic salary plus Commission  OTE ****  **** Adecco are an equal opportunities employer. Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy" "['previous', 'face', 'face', 'telephone', 'presented', 'confident', 'person', 'drive', 'succeed', 'achieve', 'set', 'targets', 'seeking', 'experienced', 'person', 'rushden', 'face', 'face', 'telephone', 'advise', 'customers', 'purchase', 'achieve', 'end', 'sale', 'general', 'duties', 'include', 'face', 'face', 'showing', 'customers', 'site', 'telephone', 'leads', 'calling', 'customers', 'negotiating', 'closing', 'sale', 'meeting', 'requirements', 'offering', 'times', 'confident', 'individual', 'drive', 'succeed', 'weekends', 'return', 'day', 'week', 'location', 'rushden', 'hours', 'days', 'week', 'hours', 'pm', 'shift', 'basis', 'basic', 'commission', 'ote', 'adecco', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer', 'adecco', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'vacancy']" Sales
"Title: Principal FPGA Design
Webindex: 69081099
Company: Ceema Recruitment
Description: We are currently seeking a Principal Engineer for FPGA Design for a leading Defence company. If you have previous experience in defence, military or aerospace and have experience in FPGA design and implementation (preferred in VHDL, Simulation, synthesis) etc then this may be the role for you. As the principal FPGA Designer you will be responsible for: oDesign of Xilinx FPGA devices (including SoC configurations using Power PC or ARM cores), in particular Virtex **** pro, **** and **** oDesign of Altera FPGA devices. oDesign of Safety related FPGA s and the verification of such devices Competence in the use of the following tools: oCAE Design tools (Xilinx EDK, Xilinx ISE, Xilinx XST, Mentor Graphics HDL Designer, Leonardo Spectrum, Precision Synthesis, ModelSim)" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00127.txt " Principal FPGA Design" " 69081099" " Ceema Recruitment" " We are currently seeking a Principal Engineer for FPGA Design for a leading Defence company. If you have previous experience in defence, military or aerospace and have experience in FPGA design and implementation (preferred in VHDL, Simulation, synthesis) etc then this may be the role for you. As the principal FPGA Designer you will be responsible for: oDesign of Xilinx FPGA devices (including SoC configurations using Power PC or ARM cores), in particular Virtex **** pro, **** and **** oDesign of Altera FPGA devices. oDesign of Safety related FPGA s and the verification of such devices Competence in the use of the following tools: oCAE Design tools (Xilinx EDK, Xilinx ISE, Xilinx XST, Mentor Graphics HDL Designer, Leonardo Spectrum, Precision Synthesis, ModelSim)" "['seeking', 'principal', 'fpga', 'defence', 'previous', 'defence', 'military', 'aerospace', 'fpga', 'implementation', 'preferred', 'vhdl', 'simulation', 'synthesis', 'principal', 'fpga', 'designer', 'responsible', 'odesign', 'xilinx', 'fpga', 'devices', 'power', 'pc', 'arm', 'pro', 'odesign', 'fpga', 'devices', 'odesign', 'safety', 'related', 'fpga', 'verification', 'devices', 'competence', 'tools', 'tools', 'xilinx', 'xilinx', 'xilinx', 'mentor', 'designer', 'spectrum', 'precision', 'synthesis']" Engineering
"Title: Project Manager x **** – Residential Development – London
Webindex: 72427959
Company: redfish solutions ltd
Description: Our client is a highly successful London based construction contractor. Specialising in the private and social housing sectors their workload is increasing month on month. We are now looking for two Project Managers to join their existing team. The Project Managers will be based on one of two projects. The first is a large development in East London on a well known site. The project is a mix of new build social and private apartments with associated retails units and infrastructure. This project goes to site this month and the Project Manager will join a team of managers and be responsible for a set amount of units. You will be responsible for managing the site team on your section and you will report to the overall Project Director. The second project is a 26M private development in South London. The role and responsibilities will be as above. The successful Project Managers will have a minimum of five years experience in a similar role working for recognised UK contractors or developers on medium to large scale developments. You must live within a commutable distance of London. For further information apply with a CV and your current salary to careersredfishsolutions.com" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00045.txt " Project Manager x **** – Residential Development – London" " 72427959" " redfish solutions ltd" " Our client is a highly successful London based construction contractor. Specialising in the private and social housing sectors their workload is increasing month on month. We are now looking for two Project Managers to join their existing team. The Project Managers will be based on one of two projects. The first is a large development in East London on a well known site. The project is a mix of new build social and private apartments with associated retails units and infrastructure. This project goes to site this month and the Project Manager will join a team of managers and be responsible for a set amount of units. You will be responsible for managing the site team on your section and you will report to the overall Project Director. The second project is a 26M private development in South London. The role and responsibilities will be as above. The successful Project Managers will have a minimum of five years experience in a similar role working for recognised UK contractors or developers on medium to large scale developments. You must live within a commutable distance of London. For further information apply with a CV and your current salary to careersredfishsolutions.com" "['highly', 'london', 'construction', 'contractor', 'specialising', 'private', 'social', 'housing', 'sectors', 'workload', 'increasing', 'month', 'month', 'project', 'managers', 'existing', 'project', 'managers', 'projects', 'large', 'east', 'london', 'site', 'project', 'mix', 'build', 'social', 'private', 'apartments', 'retails', 'units', 'infrastructure', 'project', 'site', 'month', 'project', 'managers', 'responsible', 'set', 'amount', 'units', 'responsible', 'managing', 'site', 'section', 'report', 'project', 'director', 'project', 'private', 'south', 'london', 'responsibilities', 'project', 'managers', 'minimum', 'years', 'similar', 'recognised', 'contractors', 'developers', 'medium', 'large', 'scale', 'developments', 'live', 'commutable', 'distance', 'london', 'information', 'cv', 'current']" Engineering
"Title: Nuclear Safety Specialist
Webindex: 70077260
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Nuclear Safety engineer required to join a global company providing integrated power systems. Important Experience in the nuclear industry as a nuclear safety engineer and knowledge of Naval Pressurised Water Reactors (PWR) The Job An exciting opportunity has arisen for a nuclear safety engineer to join a Global defence company Our client has been part of the UK s nuclear industry from the start  our continuous involvement spans over half a century in the design and supply of equipment for both civil and military reactors. The Group will play a key role in the UK s nuclear reactor new build programme. We have the largest nuclear skills base in the UK, with an existing nuclear certified supply chain of **** companies. We are the pioneer of one of the most important technological advances in naval propulsion  the use of nuclear propulsion for the Royal Navy s submarine flotilla. As the UK Technical Authority for the Nuclear Steam Raising Plant, we manage all aspects of the plant design, safety, manufacture, performance and throughlife support. This role is undertaken in close cooperation with the Ministry of Defence to achieve maximum benefits to the submarine programme  improving affordability, reliability, availability, and sustainability. The pound;****bn **** year Flotilla Reactor Support Programme (FRPS) support contract signed in **** is an example of this new and innovative way of working. Safety support covers the complete plant life cycle from new build and plant life extension to decommissioning, and includes the provision of integrated whole submarine safety. You will complement our technical team through a period of growth in the nuclear industry. You will play a key part in the development of safety cases supporting new build, design and Reactor Plant development. You will have experience in the nuclear industry and knowledge of Naval Pressurised Water Reactors (PWR). Experience in other nonnuclear highreliability environments such as transport or oil and gas will be considered. A knowledge of the planning, production and management of safety case justifications along with an understanding of the integration of safety case activities and the design process is an advantage. We have a number of opportunities available at various levels, dependent on your experience, capability and aptitude. In return, we offer excellent development prospects, couples with the salary and benefits you would expect of an internationally renowned and successful organisation. We are an equal opportunities employer. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00109.txt " Nuclear Safety Specialist" " 70077260" " Matchtech Group plc." " Introduction Nuclear Safety engineer required to join a global company providing integrated power systems. Important Experience in the nuclear industry as a nuclear safety engineer and knowledge of Naval Pressurised Water Reactors (PWR) The Job An exciting opportunity has arisen for a nuclear safety engineer to join a Global defence company Our client has been part of the UK s nuclear industry from the start  our continuous involvement spans over half a century in the design and supply of equipment for both civil and military reactors. The Group will play a key role in the UK s nuclear reactor new build programme. We have the largest nuclear skills base in the UK, with an existing nuclear certified supply chain of **** companies. We are the pioneer of one of the most important technological advances in naval propulsion  the use of nuclear propulsion for the Royal Navy s submarine flotilla. As the UK Technical Authority for the Nuclear Steam Raising Plant, we manage all aspects of the plant design, safety, manufacture, performance and throughlife support. This role is undertaken in close cooperation with the Ministry of Defence to achieve maximum benefits to the submarine programme  improving affordability, reliability, availability, and sustainability. The pound;****bn **** year Flotilla Reactor Support Programme (FRPS) support contract signed in **** is an example of this new and innovative way of working. Safety support covers the complete plant life cycle from new build and plant life extension to decommissioning, and includes the provision of integrated whole submarine safety. You will complement our technical team through a period of growth in the nuclear industry. You will play a key part in the development of safety cases supporting new build, design and Reactor Plant development. You will have experience in the nuclear industry and knowledge of Naval Pressurised Water Reactors (PWR). Experience in other nonnuclear highreliability environments such as transport or oil and gas will be considered. A knowledge of the planning, production and management of safety case justifications along with an understanding of the integration of safety case activities and the design process is an advantage. We have a number of opportunities available at various levels, dependent on your experience, capability and aptitude. In return, we offer excellent development prospects, couples with the salary and benefits you would expect of an internationally renowned and successful organisation. We are an equal opportunities employer. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK" "['introduction', 'nuclear', 'safety', 'global', 'providing', 'integrated', 'power', 'important', 'nuclear', 'industry', 'nuclear', 'safety', 'naval', 'pressurised', 'water', 'reactors', 'pwr', 'exciting', 'arisen', 'nuclear', 'safety', 'global', 'defence', 'part', 'nuclear', 'industry', 'start', 'continuous', 'involvement', 'half', 'century', 'supply', 'equipment', 'civil', 'military', 'reactors', 'group', 'play', 'key', 'nuclear', 'reactor', 'build', 'programme', 'largest', 'nuclear', 'base', 'existing', 'nuclear', 'certified', 'supply', 'chain', 'companies', 'pioneer', 'important', 'technological', 'advances', 'naval', 'propulsion', 'nuclear', 'propulsion', 'royal', 'navy', 'submarine', 'flotilla', 'technical', 'authority', 'nuclear', 'steam', 'raising', 'plant', 'manage', 'aspects', 'plant', 'safety', 'manufacture', 'performance', 'undertaken', 'close', 'cooperation', 'ministry', 'defence', 'achieve', 'maximum', 'benefits', 'submarine', 'programme', 'improving', 'reliability', 'availability', 'sustainability', 'pound', 'bn', 'year', 'flotilla', 'reactor', 'programme', 'contract', 'innovative', 'safety', 'covers', 'complete', 'plant', 'life', 'cycle', 'build', 'plant', 'life', 'extension', 'decommissioning', 'includes', 'provision', 'integrated', 'submarine', 'safety', 'complement', 'technical', 'period', 'growth', 'nuclear', 'industry', 'play', 'key', 'part', 'safety', 'cases', 'supporting', 'build', 'reactor', 'plant', 'nuclear', 'industry', 'naval', 'pressurised', 'water', 'reactors', 'pwr', 'environments', 'transport', 'oil', 'gas', 'considered', 'planning', 'production', 'safety', 'case', 'justifications', 'understanding', 'integration', 'safety', 'case', 'activities', 'process', 'advantage', 'number', 'opportunities', 'levels', 'dependent', 'capability', 'aptitude', 'return', 'offer', 'prospects', 'benefits', 'expect', 'internationally', 'renowned', 'organisation', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'live']" Engineering
"Title: Senior Buyer
Webindex: 70692809
Description: Our Client, a leader in medical innovations, due to expansion requires a buyer to assist in the procurement department. To handle the purchasing of materials and services in support of company activity. To provide supply chain intelligence and recommendations for action. To develop appropriate procedures, systems, controls and measurements to manage and demonstrate the effectiveness of purchasing activity. Key responsibilities will include: Procurement Vendor Management Support for Operations Manager Support for Purchasing Manager in defined areas The Ideal candidate will be educated to A level standard, has done Procurement within a manufacturing environment for at least 3 years. Understands Purchasing concepts and procedures, Computer literate, experience with Word, Excel, Outlook and Internet Explorer. Strong commercial Acumen, Negotiation and influencing skills." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00437.txt " Senior Buyer" " 70692809"  " Our Client, a leader in medical innovations, due to expansion requires a buyer to assist in the procurement department. To handle the purchasing of materials and services in support of company activity. To provide supply chain intelligence and recommendations for action. To develop appropriate procedures, systems, controls and measurements to manage and demonstrate the effectiveness of purchasing activity. Key responsibilities will include: Procurement Vendor Management Support for Operations Manager Support for Purchasing Manager in defined areas The Ideal candidate will be educated to A level standard, has done Procurement within a manufacturing environment for at least 3 years. Understands Purchasing concepts and procedures, Computer literate, experience with Word, Excel, Outlook and Internet Explorer. Strong commercial Acumen, Negotiation and influencing skills." "['leader', 'medical', 'due', 'expansion', 'requires', 'buyer', 'assist', 'procurement', 'department', 'handle', 'purchasing', 'materials', 'activity', 'supply', 'chain', 'intelligence', 'recommendations', 'action', 'develop', 'procedures', 'controls', 'manage', 'demonstrate', 'effectiveness', 'purchasing', 'activity', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'procurement', 'vendor', 'operations', 'purchasing', 'defined', 'areas', 'ideal', 'educated', 'level', 'standard', 'procurement', 'manufacturing', 'environment', 'years', 'understands', 'purchasing', 'concepts', 'procedures', 'computer', 'literate', 'word', 'excel', 'outlook', 'internet', 'commercial', 'acumen', 'negotiation', 'influencing']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Software Engineer
Webindex: 70677481
Company: Technical Resources Limited
Description: Software engineer Manchester ****  **** Our client are looking for a keen software engineer to join their team in Manchester. Roles and responsibilities: To develop and maintain the Windows based CCTV control software system using C, .NET and C++. The development process is broken down into the following areas: Researching new technologies and originating new concepts, ideas and processes. Planning and managing the design, implementation and testing of subprojects. Producing documentation for installation engineers and endusers. Interacting with 3rd party development partners. To provide inhouse and customer support with respect to the software. Experience required: C.net Programming Experience within the following would be beneficial, however, not essential: Game Programming qualification/degree OOA, OOD, OOP, UML WPF, WCF C++ TCP/IP, Serial Comms SQL GIS If you are interested in the role and have the relevant experience please forward an up to date CV for consideration." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00040.txt " Software Engineer" " 70677481" " Technical Resources Limited" " Software engineer Manchester ****  **** Our client are looking for a keen software engineer to join their team in Manchester. Roles and responsibilities: To develop and maintain the Windows based CCTV control software system using C, .NET and C++. The development process is broken down into the following areas: Researching new technologies and originating new concepts, ideas and processes. Planning and managing the design, implementation and testing of subprojects. Producing documentation for installation engineers and endusers. Interacting with 3rd party development partners. To provide inhouse and customer support with respect to the software. Experience required: C.net Programming Experience within the following would be beneficial, however, not essential: Game Programming qualification/degree OOA, OOD, OOP, UML WPF, WCF C++ TCP/IP, Serial Comms SQL GIS If you are interested in the role and have the relevant experience please forward an up to date CV for consideration." "['software', 'manchester', 'keen', 'software', 'manchester', 'roles', 'responsibilities', 'develop', 'maintain', 'windows', 'cctv', 'control', 'software', 'system', 'net', 'process', 'broken', 'areas', 'researching', 'technologies', 'concepts', 'ideas', 'processes', 'planning', 'managing', 'implementation', 'testing', 'producing', 'documentation', 'installation', 'engineers', 'endusers', 'interacting', 'party', 'partners', 'inhouse', 'respect', 'software', 'net', 'programming', 'beneficial', 'essential', 'game', 'programming', 'qualification', 'degree', 'ood', 'oop', 'uml', 'wcf', 'tcp', 'ip', 'comms', 'sql', 'interested', 'relevant', 'forward', 'date', 'cv', 'consideration']" Engineering
"Title: SharePoint Developer Finance
Webindex: 69931161
Company: Verus Procurement Consultants Ltd
Description: SharePoint Developer required for leading finance client who are working on a number of leading edge projects with large scale clients. The client has experienced continual growth and are looking to add to their team of skilled and experienced multidisciplined developers. As SharePoint Developer you will engaged in Requirements Gathering, SharePoint Development, Project Delivery and Support where applicable. You will have the opportunity to gain further training and development as part of the role also. To be the successful SharePoint Developer you will possess the following skills / experience: Net (ASP.NET, VB.NET, C, ADO.NET) SQL **** /**** XML and other open standards SQL **** /**** InfoPath SharePoint Portal Server **** and SharePoint 2010 SharePoint Best Practices Strong Analytical Working knowledge of agile working practices" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00350.txt " SharePoint Developer Finance" " 69931161" " Verus Procurement Consultants Ltd" " SharePoint Developer required for leading finance client who are working on a number of leading edge projects with large scale clients. The client has experienced continual growth and are looking to add to their team of skilled and experienced multidisciplined developers. As SharePoint Developer you will engaged in Requirements Gathering, SharePoint Development, Project Delivery and Support where applicable. You will have the opportunity to gain further training and development as part of the role also. To be the successful SharePoint Developer you will possess the following skills / experience: Net (ASP.NET, VB.NET, C, ADO.NET) SQL **** /**** XML and other open standards SQL **** /**** InfoPath SharePoint Portal Server **** and SharePoint 2010 SharePoint Best Practices Strong Analytical Working knowledge of agile working practices" "['sharepoint', 'developer', 'finance', 'number', 'edge', 'projects', 'large', 'scale', 'experienced', 'continual', 'growth', 'add', 'skilled', 'experienced', 'multidisciplined', 'developers', 'sharepoint', 'developer', 'engaged', 'requirements', 'gathering', 'sharepoint', 'project', 'delivery', 'applicable', 'gain', 'part', 'sharepoint', 'developer', 'possess', 'net', 'asp', 'net', 'vb', 'net', 'net', 'sql', 'xml', 'open', 'standards', 'sql', 'sharepoint', 'portal', 'server', 'sharepoint', 'sharepoint', 'practices', 'analytical', 'agile', 'practices']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Applications/Design Engineer
Webindex: 72238038
Company: Petrie Recruitment
Description: Job Elements:  • Support customer opportunities which require technical analysis and review (together with sales team) • Overall design responsibility for key assigned products: o Value engineering o Meeting latest standards o Product enhancements / upgrades • Lead developments of new products for key ranges • Support customer issues that may require technical input during order execution • Providing design calculations for key products to support customer opportunities and orders worldwide • Designing solutions based on customer needs for key product ranges • Supporting sales team on customer meetings as required • Leading value engineering projects on certain products, working with various teams within the business to achieve objectives (modularizing designs as much as possible) The ideal candidate will have: • Degree qualified (engineering) • Knowledge of engineering drawing software programs (CAD) • Worked within manufacturing environment • Minimum 5 years’ experience • Selfdriven energetic • Excellent Communication Skills / team player • Ability to create and maintain good relationships both internally and externally For further vacancies, please visit http://www.petrie.co.uk Follow us on http://www.twitter.com/PetrieRecruit Receive updates via http://www.facebook.com/pages/PetrieRecruitment/**** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ApplicationsDesignEngineer_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00063.txt " Applications/Design Engineer" " 72238038" " Petrie Recruitment" " Job Elements:  • Support customer opportunities which require technical analysis and review (together with sales team) • Overall design responsibility for key assigned products: o Value engineering o Meeting latest standards o Product enhancements / upgrades • Lead developments of new products for key ranges • Support customer issues that may require technical input during order execution • Providing design calculations for key products to support customer opportunities and orders worldwide • Designing solutions based on customer needs for key product ranges • Supporting sales team on customer meetings as required • Leading value engineering projects on certain products, working with various teams within the business to achieve objectives (modularizing designs as much as possible) The ideal candidate will have: • Degree qualified (engineering) • Knowledge of engineering drawing software programs (CAD) • Worked within manufacturing environment • Minimum 5 years’ experience • Selfdriven energetic • Excellent Communication Skills / team player • Ability to create and maintain good relationships both internally and externally For further vacancies, please visit http://www.petrie.co.uk Follow us on http://www.twitter.com/PetrieRecruit Receive updates via http://www.facebook.com/pages/PetrieRecruitment/**** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ApplicationsDesignEngineer_job****" "['elements', 'opportunities', 'require', 'technical', 'analysis', 'review', 'responsibility', 'key', 'assigned', 'products', 'meeting', 'latest', 'standards', 'product', 'enhancements', 'upgrades', 'lead', 'developments', 'products', 'key', 'ranges', 'issues', 'require', 'technical', 'input', 'order', 'execution', 'providing', 'calculations', 'key', 'products', 'opportunities', 'orders', 'worldwide', 'designing', 'solutions', 'key', 'product', 'ranges', 'supporting', 'meetings', 'projects', 'products', 'teams', 'achieve', 'objectives', 'designs', 'ideal', 'degree', 'qualified', 'drawing', 'software', 'programs', 'cad', 'worked', 'manufacturing', 'environment', 'minimum', 'years', 'selfdriven', 'energetic', 'communication', 'player', 'create', 'maintain', 'relationships', 'internally', 'externally', 'vacancies', 'visit', 'http', 'www', 'petrie', 'follow', 'http', 'www', 'twitter', 'petrierecruit', 'receive', 'updates', 'http', 'www', 'facebook', 'pages', 'petrierecruitment', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: GLOBAL MANAGEMENT ACCOUNTANT
Webindex: 72460315
Company: Jobsite Jobs
Description: The Company Adstream is a world leader with digital advertising workflows managing over 4 million advertising assets to more than 93 countries globally. The company serves more than **** customers globally. Adstream works with the key Advertising industry players improving the advertising supply chain with asset management, validation and transmission services. Founded 12 years ago by Australian entrepreneurs, Adstream has grown rapidly year on year, moving its head office from Sydney to London in **** With more than **** staff over **** regional offices (**** in the London office), Adstream is a fast moving company with a highly skilled workforce. The company s entrepreneurial roots are still very much celebrated today. Adstreamers are bright team players whose ideas are encouraged and hard work rewarded. Individuals communicate daily with colleagues in other markets, making Adstream a truly global organisation." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00389.txt " GLOBAL MANAGEMENT ACCOUNTANT" " 72460315" " Jobsite Jobs" " The Company Adstream is a world leader with digital advertising workflows managing over 4 million advertising assets to more than 93 countries globally. The company serves more than **** customers globally. Adstream works with the key Advertising industry players improving the advertising supply chain with asset management, validation and transmission services. Founded 12 years ago by Australian entrepreneurs, Adstream has grown rapidly year on year, moving its head office from Sydney to London in **** With more than **** staff over **** regional offices (**** in the London office), Adstream is a fast moving company with a highly skilled workforce. The company s entrepreneurial roots are still very much celebrated today. Adstreamers are bright team players whose ideas are encouraged and hard work rewarded. Individuals communicate daily with colleagues in other markets, making Adstream a truly global organisation." "['adstream', 'world', 'leader', 'digital', 'advertising', 'managing', 'million', 'advertising', 'assets', 'countries', 'globally', 'serves', 'customers', 'globally', 'adstream', 'works', 'key', 'advertising', 'industry', 'players', 'improving', 'advertising', 'supply', 'chain', 'asset', 'validation', 'transmission', 'founded', 'years', 'ago', 'adstream', 'grown', 'rapidly', 'year', 'year', 'moving', 'head', 'office', 'sydney', 'london', 'regional', 'offices', 'london', 'office', 'adstream', 'fast', 'moving', 'highly', 'skilled', 'workforce', 'entrepreneurial', 'roots', 'today', 'bright', 'players', 'ideas', 'encouraged', 'hard', 'rewarded', 'individuals', 'communicate', 'daily', 'colleagues', 'markets', 'making', 'adstream', 'global', 'organisation']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Mobile Gas Engineer  Reading/Newbury
Webindex: 72241526
Company: FACILITY ASSOCIATES RECRUITMENT LTD
Description: One of the UK 's largest Maintenance Contractors is looking for a temp to perm Mobile Gas Engineer to join their team working on a portfolio of commercial buildings covering Reading/Newbury areas. As a Mobile Gas Engineer your daily responsibilities will include carrying out PPM, fault finding, rectification and repair to a variety of gas systems that include boilers, gas fired appliances, overhead radiant, heating and ventilation systems, and pumps. You will have experience of working for a maintenance contractor on a range of commercial properties and good allround knowledge of all building services. You MUST hold current Gas Certificates CCN**** COCN**** or CoDNCO **** You must have a full UK driving license This vacancy comes with an attractive salary package, fully expensed company vehicle, plenty of opportunity for overtime and progression within the company. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MobileGasEngineerReadingNewbury_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00088.txt " Mobile Gas Engineer  Reading/Newbury" " 72241526" " FACILITY ASSOCIATES RECRUITMENT LTD" " One of the UK 's largest Maintenance Contractors is looking for a temp to perm Mobile Gas Engineer to join their team working on a portfolio of commercial buildings covering Reading/Newbury areas. As a Mobile Gas Engineer your daily responsibilities will include carrying out PPM, fault finding, rectification and repair to a variety of gas systems that include boilers, gas fired appliances, overhead radiant, heating and ventilation systems, and pumps. You will have experience of working for a maintenance contractor on a range of commercial properties and good allround knowledge of all building services. You MUST hold current Gas Certificates CCN**** COCN**** or CoDNCO **** You must have a full UK driving license This vacancy comes with an attractive salary package, fully expensed company vehicle, plenty of opportunity for overtime and progression within the company. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MobileGasEngineerReadingNewbury_job****" "['largest', 'maintenance', 'contractors', 'temp', 'perm', 'mobile', 'gas', 'portfolio', 'commercial', 'buildings', 'covering', 'reading', 'newbury', 'areas', 'mobile', 'gas', 'daily', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'carrying', 'ppm', 'fault', 'finding', 'rectification', 'repair', 'variety', 'gas', 'include', 'boilers', 'gas', 'fired', 'overhead', 'heating', 'ventilation', 'pumps', 'maintenance', 'contractor', 'range', 'commercial', 'properties', 'building', 'hold', 'current', 'gas', 'certificates', 'ccn', 'driving', 'license', 'vacancy', 'attractive', 'package', 'fully', 'expensed', 'vehicle', 'plenty', 'overtime', 'progression', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Treasury Analyst
Webindex: 70593580
Company: Stanton House
Description: A Treasury Analyst is required for this Multi National technology organisation based in the Berkshire area. The Treasury Analyst will have 12 direct reports and will be responsible for managing and developing the individuals on a daily basis. The successful candidate will be responsible for assigned cash and bank account management including reconciliations, cash forecasting, debt compliance and internal and external reporting requirements. The role will involve preparing balance sheet reconciliation statements, developing close understanding of daily and monthly cash flow trends and assisting the senior manager with the development of cash management strategies and practises. My client is looking for an energetic, enthusiastic individual who is looking to develop within a hugely successful organisation. The individual must be degree qualified preferably with an accounting qualification with experience of working for a multinational company handling bank reconciliations and cash forecasting. The individual must have the ability to multitask and use their own initiative whilst also working as part of a team. Strong working knowledge of Microsoft is required and the individual must have excellent attention to detail with good analytical skills." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00404.txt " Treasury Analyst" " 70593580" " Stanton House" " A Treasury Analyst is required for this Multi National technology organisation based in the Berkshire area. The Treasury Analyst will have 12 direct reports and will be responsible for managing and developing the individuals on a daily basis. The successful candidate will be responsible for assigned cash and bank account management including reconciliations, cash forecasting, debt compliance and internal and external reporting requirements. The role will involve preparing balance sheet reconciliation statements, developing close understanding of daily and monthly cash flow trends and assisting the senior manager with the development of cash management strategies and practises. My client is looking for an energetic, enthusiastic individual who is looking to develop within a hugely successful organisation. The individual must be degree qualified preferably with an accounting qualification with experience of working for a multinational company handling bank reconciliations and cash forecasting. The individual must have the ability to multitask and use their own initiative whilst also working as part of a team. Strong working knowledge of Microsoft is required and the individual must have excellent attention to detail with good analytical skills." "['treasury', 'analyst', 'multi', 'national', 'technology', 'organisation', 'berkshire', 'area', 'treasury', 'analyst', 'direct', 'reports', 'responsible', 'managing', 'developing', 'individuals', 'daily', 'basis', 'responsible', 'assigned', 'cash', 'bank', 'account', 'reconciliations', 'cash', 'forecasting', 'debt', 'compliance', 'internal', 'external', 'reporting', 'requirements', 'involve', 'preparing', 'balance', 'sheet', 'reconciliation', 'statements', 'developing', 'close', 'understanding', 'daily', 'monthly', 'cash', 'flow', 'trends', 'assisting', 'senior', 'cash', 'strategies', 'energetic', 'enthusiastic', 'individual', 'develop', 'hugely', 'organisation', 'individual', 'degree', 'qualified', 'preferably', 'accounting', 'qualification', 'multinational', 'handling', 'bank', 'reconciliations', 'cash', 'forecasting', 'individual', 'multitask', 'initiative', 'whilst', 'part', 'microsoft', 'individual', 'attention', 'detail', 'analytical']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Senior Engineer  Mechanical
Webindex: 72450119
Company: ERS
Description: Senior Engineer  Mechanical Cumbria Senior Engineer  Mechanical: An Opportunity has arisen for Senior Engineer  Mechanical for a major defence company based in Cumbria. Senior Engineer  Mechanical Key Responsibilities:  Execute, evaluate, deliver and manage complex engineering functional tasks or programmes of work recognising stakeholder and customer requirements and to identify and implement opportunities for personal and team development to ensure that professional capability of the business and individuals are maintained and improved.  Production of mechanical systems diagrams and technical specifications for pumps, compressors, etc, in addition you will produce supporting calculations and undertake design reviews to support the issue of systems diagrams.  Produce supporting calculations and support the transverse teams (safety, ILS and human factors) in producing documentation, confirm beyond reasonable doubt by review, surveillance and audit, that those assumptions underpinning engineering data, analysis methodologies, and interpretation of results have been validated.  Liaise with both internal and external customers as required ensuring that their requirements are adequately supported and that their needs are fully considered.  Attending factory acceptance trial and submarine system trials.  Undertake peer reviews or checking/verification tasks as directed and provide realistic programme status, identify problem areas and implement agreed recovery plans.  Provide support to the Certificate of Design activities appropriate to the discipline and articulate and present complex technical argument clearly, logically and simply. As a Senior Engineer  Mechanical, your skills and qualifications will ideally include:  Degree educated or have equivalent experience and be a chartered engineer or working towards your Chartership.  Background in mechanical engineering with the ability to produce schematics/diagrams which show the systems functionality and the control and instrumentation requirement, based on a set of customer requirements.  Typically your experience will ideally be from within submarines, shipbuilding, oil and gas, automotive or building services industries. The successful candidate will be required to be security cleared prior to employment. A great opportunity  send your CV to cv_steve_dignumers.co.uk or call Steve on **** **** for more details. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorEngineerMechanical_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00008.txt " Senior Engineer  Mechanical" " 72450119" " ERS" " Senior Engineer  Mechanical Cumbria Senior Engineer  Mechanical: An Opportunity has arisen for Senior Engineer  Mechanical for a major defence company based in Cumbria. Senior Engineer  Mechanical Key Responsibilities:  Execute, evaluate, deliver and manage complex engineering functional tasks or programmes of work recognising stakeholder and customer requirements and to identify and implement opportunities for personal and team development to ensure that professional capability of the business and individuals are maintained and improved.  Production of mechanical systems diagrams and technical specifications for pumps, compressors, etc, in addition you will produce supporting calculations and undertake design reviews to support the issue of systems diagrams.  Produce supporting calculations and support the transverse teams (safety, ILS and human factors) in producing documentation, confirm beyond reasonable doubt by review, surveillance and audit, that those assumptions underpinning engineering data, analysis methodologies, and interpretation of results have been validated.  Liaise with both internal and external customers as required ensuring that their requirements are adequately supported and that their needs are fully considered.  Attending factory acceptance trial and submarine system trials.  Undertake peer reviews or checking/verification tasks as directed and provide realistic programme status, identify problem areas and implement agreed recovery plans.  Provide support to the Certificate of Design activities appropriate to the discipline and articulate and present complex technical argument clearly, logically and simply. As a Senior Engineer  Mechanical, your skills and qualifications will ideally include:  Degree educated or have equivalent experience and be a chartered engineer or working towards your Chartership.  Background in mechanical engineering with the ability to produce schematics/diagrams which show the systems functionality and the control and instrumentation requirement, based on a set of customer requirements.  Typically your experience will ideally be from within submarines, shipbuilding, oil and gas, automotive or building services industries. The successful candidate will be required to be security cleared prior to employment. A great opportunity  send your CV to cv_steve_dignumers.co.uk or call Steve on **** **** for more details. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorEngineerMechanical_job****" "['senior', 'mechanical', 'cumbria', 'senior', 'mechanical', 'arisen', 'senior', 'mechanical', 'major', 'defence', 'cumbria', 'senior', 'mechanical', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'evaluate', 'deliver', 'manage', 'complex', 'functional', 'tasks', 'programmes', 'recognising', 'stakeholder', 'requirements', 'identify', 'implement', 'opportunities', 'personal', 'professional', 'capability', 'individuals', 'maintained', 'improved', 'production', 'mechanical', 'diagrams', 'technical', 'specifications', 'pumps', 'compressors', 'addition', 'produce', 'supporting', 'calculations', 'undertake', 'reviews', 'issue', 'diagrams', 'produce', 'supporting', 'calculations', 'teams', 'safety', 'ils', 'human', 'factors', 'producing', 'documentation', 'confirm', 'reasonable', 'doubt', 'review', 'surveillance', 'audit', 'assumptions', 'underpinning', 'data', 'analysis', 'methodologies', 'interpretation', 'results', 'validated', 'liaise', 'internal', 'external', 'customers', 'ensuring', 'requirements', 'adequately', 'supported', 'fully', 'considered', 'attending', 'factory', 'acceptance', 'trial', 'submarine', 'system', 'trials', 'undertake', 'peer', 'reviews', 'checking', 'verification', 'tasks', 'directed', 'realistic', 'programme', 'status', 'identify', 'problem', 'areas', 'implement', 'agreed', 'recovery', 'plans', 'certificate', 'activities', 'discipline', 'articulate', 'present', 'complex', 'technical', 'simply', 'senior', 'mechanical', 'qualifications', 'ideally', 'include', 'degree', 'educated', 'equivalent', 'chartered', 'chartership', 'background', 'mechanical', 'produce', 'schematics', 'diagrams', 'show', 'functionality', 'control', 'instrumentation', 'requirement', 'set', 'requirements', 'typically', 'ideally', 'submarines', 'oil', 'gas', 'automotive', 'building', 'industries', 'security', 'cleared', 'prior', 'employment', 'great', 'send', 'cv', 'cv', 'steve', 'call', 'steve', 'details', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Mechanical Inspectors
Webindex: 70321511
Company: Intec Recruitment Services Limited
Description: Mechanical Inspectors Our client who is based in Farnborough, Hampshire are looking to recruit 2 Mechanical Inspectors for approximately 10 weeks. Duties include: Carrying out mechanical inspection of components, assemblies and tooling to ensure conformity to the required standard and to advise on possible quality improvements. Inspection of components and assemblies using manual measuring equipment Operating manual and CNC CMM's (Programming manual CMM's). mechanical inspector cmm" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00120.txt " Mechanical Inspectors" " 70321511" " Intec Recruitment Services Limited" " Mechanical Inspectors Our client who is based in Farnborough, Hampshire are looking to recruit 2 Mechanical Inspectors for approximately 10 weeks. Duties include: Carrying out mechanical inspection of components, assemblies and tooling to ensure conformity to the required standard and to advise on possible quality improvements. Inspection of components and assemblies using manual measuring equipment Operating manual and CNC CMM's (Programming manual CMM's). mechanical inspector cmm" "['mechanical', 'inspectors', 'hampshire', 'recruit', 'mechanical', 'inspectors', 'approximately', 'weeks', 'duties', 'include', 'carrying', 'mechanical', 'inspection', 'components', 'assemblies', 'tooling', 'standard', 'advise', 'quality', 'improvements', 'inspection', 'components', 'assemblies', 'manual', 'measuring', 'equipment', 'operating', 'manual', 'cnc', ""cmm's"", 'programming', 'manual', ""cmm's"", 'mechanical', 'inspector', 'cmm']" Engineering
"Title: Deputy Manager Gateshead
Webindex: 58936930
Description: Deputy Manager required for Nursing/ Residential care home in Gateshead **** per hour  **** per annum Eclypse Recruitment is currently looking to recruit a strong Clinical Lead/ Deputy Manager RGN or RMN qualified for a Nursing Home in Gateshead. The home is seeking to recruit a strong, committed and dedicated Clinical Leader. The nursing home occupies residents both nursing and residential the Home Manager is seeking a strong minded individual who is able to support the Home Manager. A bran new position which will suit a current Deputy Manager or strong Clinical Lead seeking a new challenge, experienced Senior Nurses with a background in nursing homes will also be considered as long as supervisory experience. To be considered for this post you must have the following skills and qualifications: An active NMC Pin Number RGN/ RMN Be truly compassionate about elderly nursing Managerially, leadership experience Must display strong clinical experience This role offers a very competitive attractive salary circa **** p/h/ **** Please express your interest by sending your CV to cfranceeclypserecruitment.co.uk or contact Caroline on **** **** **** RGN, Registered Nurse, RMN, Clinical Lead, Deputy Manager, Gateshead, Newcastle, nursing home, elderly, Deputy Nursing Home Manager" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00576.txt " Deputy Manager Gateshead" " 58936930"  " Deputy Manager required for Nursing/ Residential care home in Gateshead **** per hour  **** per annum Eclypse Recruitment is currently looking to recruit a strong Clinical Lead/ Deputy Manager RGN or RMN qualified for a Nursing Home in Gateshead. The home is seeking to recruit a strong, committed and dedicated Clinical Leader. The nursing home occupies residents both nursing and residential the Home Manager is seeking a strong minded individual who is able to support the Home Manager. A bran new position which will suit a current Deputy Manager or strong Clinical Lead seeking a new challenge, experienced Senior Nurses with a background in nursing homes will also be considered as long as supervisory experience. To be considered for this post you must have the following skills and qualifications: An active NMC Pin Number RGN/ RMN Be truly compassionate about elderly nursing Managerially, leadership experience Must display strong clinical experience This role offers a very competitive attractive salary circa **** p/h/ **** Please express your interest by sending your CV to cfranceeclypserecruitment.co.uk or contact Caroline on **** **** **** RGN, Registered Nurse, RMN, Clinical Lead, Deputy Manager, Gateshead, Newcastle, nursing home, elderly, Deputy Nursing Home Manager" "['deputy', 'nursing', 'residential', 'gateshead', 'hour', 'annum', 'eclypse', 'recruit', 'clinical', 'lead', 'deputy', 'rgn', 'rmn', 'qualified', 'nursing', 'gateshead', 'seeking', 'recruit', 'committed', 'dedicated', 'clinical', 'leader', 'nursing', 'residents', 'nursing', 'residential', 'seeking', 'minded', 'individual', 'suit', 'current', 'deputy', 'clinical', 'lead', 'seeking', 'challenge', 'experienced', 'senior', 'nurses', 'background', 'nursing', 'homes', 'considered', 'long', 'supervisory', 'considered', 'post', 'qualifications', 'active', 'nmc', 'pin', 'number', 'rgn', 'rmn', 'compassionate', 'elderly', 'nursing', 'leadership', 'display', 'clinical', 'offers', 'competitive', 'attractive', 'circa', 'express', 'interest', 'sending', 'cv', 'contact', 'caroline', 'rgn', 'registered', 'nurse', 'rmn', 'clinical', 'lead', 'deputy', 'gateshead', 'newcastle', 'nursing', 'elderly', 'deputy', 'nursing']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: ICAAP Specialist
Webindex: 71851737
Company: Cavendish Maine
Description: Job Title: ICAAP Specialist Location: London Salary: ****  **** PA (Negotiable) Job type: Permanent Reference: CTU/**** The Company: A highly innovative and progressive UK bank that prides itself on its use of technology and the calibre of its staff, committed to outstanding customer service and staff welfare. The Position: Key daytoday responsibility involves taking responsibility for determining the capital requirements of the bank including the assessment of regulatory on a daytoday and forward looking basis. This involves having a solid understanding of the methodologies applied, the key risk drivers, and assessing and highlighting the impact of potential vulnerabilities. Interpreting regulatory rules and developing appropriate policies will form a key aspect of this role. Additionally, the position will also be required to: Comanage the production of the ICAAP and Capital Planning Buffer calculation for the bank, including reviewing the impact of the bank’s strategy on the capital position Validate and challenge the bank's risk appetite, capital/risk policies and overall capital plan by stress testing and modelling. Develop scenarios/stress tests, analysing the results of the tests and applying this to the capital position in the bank. Help in further refinement of the capital stress testing model. Optimize capital by implementing capital allocation methodology through the FTP. The Candidate: As a suitable candidate you should have good knowledge and understanding of the development of economic capital and IRB into ICAAP and stress testing policies. You should have a strong academic background with advanced Excel skills and the ability to cope with a growing and developing bank in a demanding regulatory environment. Contact: Chris Turner **** **** chriscavendishmaine.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ICAAPSpecialist_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00329.txt " ICAAP Specialist" " 71851737" " Cavendish Maine" " Job Title: ICAAP Specialist Location: London Salary: ****  **** PA (Negotiable) Job type: Permanent Reference: CTU/**** The Company: A highly innovative and progressive UK bank that prides itself on its use of technology and the calibre of its staff, committed to outstanding customer service and staff welfare. The Position: Key daytoday responsibility involves taking responsibility for determining the capital requirements of the bank including the assessment of regulatory on a daytoday and forward looking basis. This involves having a solid understanding of the methodologies applied, the key risk drivers, and assessing and highlighting the impact of potential vulnerabilities. Interpreting regulatory rules and developing appropriate policies will form a key aspect of this role. Additionally, the position will also be required to: Comanage the production of the ICAAP and Capital Planning Buffer calculation for the bank, including reviewing the impact of the bank’s strategy on the capital position Validate and challenge the bank's risk appetite, capital/risk policies and overall capital plan by stress testing and modelling. Develop scenarios/stress tests, analysing the results of the tests and applying this to the capital position in the bank. Help in further refinement of the capital stress testing model. Optimize capital by implementing capital allocation methodology through the FTP. The Candidate: As a suitable candidate you should have good knowledge and understanding of the development of economic capital and IRB into ICAAP and stress testing policies. You should have a strong academic background with advanced Excel skills and the ability to cope with a growing and developing bank in a demanding regulatory environment. Contact: Chris Turner **** **** chriscavendishmaine.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ICAAPSpecialist_job****" "['title', 'icaap', 'specialist', 'location', 'london', 'pa', 'negotiable', 'type', 'permanent', 'reference', 'highly', 'innovative', 'progressive', 'bank', 'prides', 'technology', 'calibre', 'committed', 'outstanding', 'welfare', 'key', 'daytoday', 'responsibility', 'involves', 'taking', 'responsibility', 'determining', 'capital', 'requirements', 'bank', 'assessment', 'regulatory', 'daytoday', 'forward', 'basis', 'involves', 'solid', 'understanding', 'methodologies', 'applied', 'key', 'risk', 'drivers', 'assessing', 'impact', 'potential', 'interpreting', 'regulatory', 'rules', 'developing', 'policies', 'form', 'key', 'aspect', 'additionally', 'production', 'icaap', 'capital', 'planning', 'calculation', 'bank', 'reviewing', 'impact', 'bank', 'strategy', 'capital', 'validate', 'challenge', 'risk', 'appetite', 'capital', 'risk', 'policies', 'capital', 'plan', 'stress', 'testing', 'modelling', 'develop', 'scenarios', 'stress', 'tests', 'analysing', 'results', 'tests', 'applying', 'capital', 'bank', 'capital', 'stress', 'testing', 'model', 'capital', 'implementing', 'capital', 'allocation', 'methodology', 'ftp', 'suitable', 'understanding', 'economic', 'capital', 'icaap', 'stress', 'testing', 'policies', 'academic', 'background', 'advanced', 'excel', 'cope', 'growing', 'developing', 'bank', 'demanding', 'regulatory', 'environment', 'contact', 'chris', 'turner', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Care Coordinator/Deputy Manager
Webindex: 71230720
Description: Care Coordinator/Deputy Manager Based in Worthing  West Sussex **** per year Starting ASAP A leading care provider in Worthing, is looking for a care coordinator/deputy manager to join there team in Worthing. They're **** of **** providers who work closely with the local council and have a passion for providing high quality care to the elderly. You should have experience in domiciliary care in a busy office based environment and have worked with care packages over over **** hours per week.Staff are rewarded with an intensive training package and have regular ongoing training to keep updated with legislation changes. This role is for an experienced care coordinator/deputy manager to carry out assessments of care plans involving service users and their families. You will be asked to keep up to date records and carryout regular reviews of care plans and manage day to day care for the clients in line with CQC standards. You should be passionate about providing a high level of care and be able to work to tight deadlines. This role would suit someone that has strong leadership skills and is able to step up to the plate when the manager is on annual leave. You should be a strong team player and willing to lead from the front. Essential qualifications and experience Experienced working within domiciliary care in an office based environment Experience of assessing the needs of clients Strong previous experience managing care packages of over 2000 hours Leadership experience and able to think on your feet First class communication skills Good listener and passionate about providing a high level of care If you're interested in this post, please contact Mike at Hays Social Care" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00537.txt " Care Coordinator/Deputy Manager" " 71230720"  " Care Coordinator/Deputy Manager Based in Worthing  West Sussex **** per year Starting ASAP A leading care provider in Worthing, is looking for a care coordinator/deputy manager to join there team in Worthing. They're **** of **** providers who work closely with the local council and have a passion for providing high quality care to the elderly. You should have experience in domiciliary care in a busy office based environment and have worked with care packages over over **** hours per week.Staff are rewarded with an intensive training package and have regular ongoing training to keep updated with legislation changes. This role is for an experienced care coordinator/deputy manager to carry out assessments of care plans involving service users and their families. You will be asked to keep up to date records and carryout regular reviews of care plans and manage day to day care for the clients in line with CQC standards. You should be passionate about providing a high level of care and be able to work to tight deadlines. This role would suit someone that has strong leadership skills and is able to step up to the plate when the manager is on annual leave. You should be a strong team player and willing to lead from the front. Essential qualifications and experience Experienced working within domiciliary care in an office based environment Experience of assessing the needs of clients Strong previous experience managing care packages of over 2000 hours Leadership experience and able to think on your feet First class communication skills Good listener and passionate about providing a high level of care If you're interested in this post, please contact Mike at Hays Social Care" "['coordinator', 'deputy', 'worthing', 'west', 'sussex', 'year', 'starting', 'asap', 'provider', 'worthing', 'coordinator', 'deputy', 'worthing', 'providers', 'closely', 'local', 'council', 'passion', 'providing', 'quality', 'elderly', 'domiciliary', 'busy', 'office', 'environment', 'worked', 'packages', 'hours', 'week', 'rewarded', 'intensive', 'package', 'regular', 'ongoing', 'updated', 'legislation', 'experienced', 'coordinator', 'deputy', 'carry', 'assessments', 'plans', 'involving', 'users', 'families', 'asked', 'date', 'records', 'regular', 'reviews', 'plans', 'manage', 'day', 'day', 'line', 'cqc', 'standards', 'passionate', 'providing', 'level', 'tight', 'deadlines', 'suit', 'leadership', 'step', 'plate', 'annual', 'leave', 'player', 'lead', 'front', 'essential', 'qualifications', 'experienced', 'domiciliary', 'office', 'environment', 'assessing', 'previous', 'managing', 'packages', 'hours', 'leadership', 'feet', 'class', 'communication', 'listener', 'passionate', 'providing', 'level', 'interested', 'post', 'contact', 'mike', 'hays', 'social']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Deputy Nursing Home Managers  Cardiff
Webindex: 70016153
Company: Domus Recruitment
Description: My client is a large, established and diverse healthcare provider that will offer the successful candidate the opportunity to grow and develop within a large and successful organization. They are looking to recruit four Deputy Nursing Home Managers for various Nursing Homes in South Wales. As a RGN or RMN qualified nurse at deputy level you will be experienced in the following areas  medication administration, wound care, leg ulcers, catheterization and etc. Ideal candidates will have worked within a nursing home environment, be assertive, compliant, good communicators and work well within a team. If you are searching for an established and successful organization that offers job security and excellent please forward your CV in application of one of these roles. If you feel you have the experience, skills and relevant qualifications for such a role, please submit your CV. When applying, please advise your preferred location of work.All applicants will receive a response to their submission" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00588.txt " Deputy Nursing Home Managers  Cardiff" " 70016153" " Domus Recruitment" " My client is a large, established and diverse healthcare provider that will offer the successful candidate the opportunity to grow and develop within a large and successful organization. They are looking to recruit four Deputy Nursing Home Managers for various Nursing Homes in South Wales. As a RGN or RMN qualified nurse at deputy level you will be experienced in the following areas  medication administration, wound care, leg ulcers, catheterization and etc. Ideal candidates will have worked within a nursing home environment, be assertive, compliant, good communicators and work well within a team. If you are searching for an established and successful organization that offers job security and excellent please forward your CV in application of one of these roles. If you feel you have the experience, skills and relevant qualifications for such a role, please submit your CV. When applying, please advise your preferred location of work.All applicants will receive a response to their submission" "['large', 'established', 'diverse', 'healthcare', 'provider', 'offer', 'grow', 'develop', 'large', 'organization', 'recruit', 'deputy', 'nursing', 'managers', 'nursing', 'homes', 'south', 'wales', 'rgn', 'rmn', 'qualified', 'nurse', 'deputy', 'level', 'experienced', 'areas', 'medication', 'administration', 'wound', 'ideal', 'candidates', 'worked', 'nursing', 'environment', 'assertive', 'compliant', 'searching', 'established', 'organization', 'offers', 'security', 'forward', 'cv', 'application', 'roles', 'feel', 'relevant', 'qualifications', 'submit', 'cv', 'applying', 'advise', 'preferred', 'location', 'applicants', 'receive', 'response', 'submission']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Group Financial Accountant
Webindex: 68292692
Company: Black Swan Associates Limited
Description: Job No: **** Job Title: Group Financial Accountant Industry: Financial Services Salary: **** ****  bonus, pension, priv. health etc A fantastic opportunity for a qualified accountant to join a global prestigious Financial Services organisation. With hundreds of firms as members, and thousands of companies trading with them every day. The Finance department incorporates a number of different functions, including; financial reporting, business finance, investor relations, tax and treasury. As part of the Finance Department, the Group Financial team owns the end to end Group consolidation and external financial reporting. This role, reporting to the Group Financial Reporting Manager, has responsibilities for Group Consolidation, Balance sheet production and the ownership of statutory accounts for a number of the subsidiaries. Key responsibilities:  Lead capital project accounting at the Group level.  Take responsibility for key aspects of the Group consolidation including intercompany and as part of the Group function ensuring consistent application of intercompany policy across subsidiaries.  Own endtoend production and delivery of statutory accounts for UK subsidiary companies including interaction with external auditors and internal business owners.  Own the production and reporting of the monthly internal Balance Sheets for the management accounts including the reporting of capital investment and FSA regulated capital levels.  Work with HR team and be finance liaison for awards, share schemes, pensions and other HR items.  Act as Finance point person for Groupwide, consolidated project reporting and accounting (actuals, budget and forecasts) which requires close liaison with finance colleagues from across the Group.  Provide support to the Finance Systems team by being the Department expert on accounting data structure.  Provide broader support to the Finance Department as required (eg during key external reporting periods) Candidate requirements:  Qualified accountant (CIMA, ACA or ACCA)  Good working knowledge of IFRS accounting standards  Experience in production of statutory accounts and consolidation  Experience of intercompany process across a multinational Group  Degree educated with a minimum of ****:1 achieved  Experience, with evidence of success, of working with people with no/ limited financial background or understanding  Confident in the use of accounting software  Microsoft Dynamics GP, TM1 is desirable not essential." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00407.txt " Group Financial Accountant" " 68292692" " Black Swan Associates Limited" " Job No: **** Job Title: Group Financial Accountant Industry: Financial Services Salary: **** ****  bonus, pension, priv. health etc A fantastic opportunity for a qualified accountant to join a global prestigious Financial Services organisation. With hundreds of firms as members, and thousands of companies trading with them every day. The Finance department incorporates a number of different functions, including; financial reporting, business finance, investor relations, tax and treasury. As part of the Finance Department, the Group Financial team owns the end to end Group consolidation and external financial reporting. This role, reporting to the Group Financial Reporting Manager, has responsibilities for Group Consolidation, Balance sheet production and the ownership of statutory accounts for a number of the subsidiaries. Key responsibilities:  Lead capital project accounting at the Group level.  Take responsibility for key aspects of the Group consolidation including intercompany and as part of the Group function ensuring consistent application of intercompany policy across subsidiaries.  Own endtoend production and delivery of statutory accounts for UK subsidiary companies including interaction with external auditors and internal business owners.  Own the production and reporting of the monthly internal Balance Sheets for the management accounts including the reporting of capital investment and FSA regulated capital levels.  Work with HR team and be finance liaison for awards, share schemes, pensions and other HR items.  Act as Finance point person for Groupwide, consolidated project reporting and accounting (actuals, budget and forecasts) which requires close liaison with finance colleagues from across the Group.  Provide support to the Finance Systems team by being the Department expert on accounting data structure.  Provide broader support to the Finance Department as required (eg during key external reporting periods) Candidate requirements:  Qualified accountant (CIMA, ACA or ACCA)  Good working knowledge of IFRS accounting standards  Experience in production of statutory accounts and consolidation  Experience of intercompany process across a multinational Group  Degree educated with a minimum of ****:1 achieved  Experience, with evidence of success, of working with people with no/ limited financial background or understanding  Confident in the use of accounting software  Microsoft Dynamics GP, TM1 is desirable not essential." "['title', 'group', 'accountant', 'industry', 'bonus', 'pension', 'health', 'fantastic', 'qualified', 'accountant', 'global', 'prestigious', 'organisation', 'hundreds', 'firms', 'members', 'thousands', 'companies', 'trading', 'day', 'finance', 'department', 'incorporates', 'number', 'functions', 'reporting', 'finance', 'investor', 'relations', 'tax', 'treasury', 'part', 'finance', 'department', 'group', 'owns', 'end', 'end', 'group', 'consolidation', 'external', 'reporting', 'reporting', 'group', 'reporting', 'responsibilities', 'group', 'consolidation', 'balance', 'sheet', 'production', 'ownership', 'statutory', 'accounts', 'number', 'subsidiaries', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'lead', 'capital', 'project', 'accounting', 'group', 'level', 'responsibility', 'key', 'aspects', 'group', 'consolidation', 'intercompany', 'part', 'group', 'function', 'ensuring', 'consistent', 'application', 'intercompany', 'policy', 'subsidiaries', 'endtoend', 'production', 'delivery', 'statutory', 'accounts', 'subsidiary', 'companies', 'interaction', 'external', 'auditors', 'internal', 'owners', 'production', 'reporting', 'monthly', 'internal', 'balance', 'sheets', 'accounts', 'reporting', 'capital', 'investment', 'fsa', 'regulated', 'capital', 'levels', 'hr', 'finance', 'liaison', 'awards', 'share', 'schemes', 'pensions', 'hr', 'items', 'act', 'finance', 'point', 'person', 'groupwide', 'consolidated', 'project', 'reporting', 'accounting', 'budget', 'forecasts', 'requires', 'close', 'liaison', 'finance', 'colleagues', 'group', 'finance', 'department', 'expert', 'accounting', 'data', 'structure', 'finance', 'department', 'key', 'external', 'reporting', 'periods', 'requirements', 'qualified', 'accountant', 'cima', 'aca', 'acca', 'ifrs', 'accounting', 'standards', 'production', 'statutory', 'accounts', 'consolidation', 'intercompany', 'process', 'multinational', 'group', 'degree', 'educated', 'minimum', 'achieved', 'evidence', 'success', 'people', 'limited', 'background', 'understanding', 'confident', 'accounting', 'software', 'microsoft', 'dynamics', 'gp', 'desirable', 'essential']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Health Care Assistant, Carer, Care Worker Required  London
Webindex: 68564494
Company: London4Jobs
Description: Urgently require Health Care Assistant, Carer, Care Worker in East LondonCare Assistants required for ongoing work around East London, working at a variety of nursing / residential homes we need flexible individuals who can think on their feet. Duties to include: Personal care Feeding / ensuring dietry requirements are met Inclusion in social activities General housekeeping All candidates must:  Be flexible on locations, as due to the nature of the industry they will be required to work at different locations on a daily basis. Be able to work full time and/or flexible hours including evenings, weekends and bank holidays  Have at least 6 months paid care experience in the UK." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00477.txt " Health Care Assistant, Carer, Care Worker Required  London" " 68564494" " London4Jobs" " Urgently require Health Care Assistant, Carer, Care Worker in East LondonCare Assistants required for ongoing work around East London, working at a variety of nursing / residential homes we need flexible individuals who can think on their feet. Duties to include: Personal care Feeding / ensuring dietry requirements are met Inclusion in social activities General housekeeping All candidates must:  Be flexible on locations, as due to the nature of the industry they will be required to work at different locations on a daily basis. Be able to work full time and/or flexible hours including evenings, weekends and bank holidays  Have at least 6 months paid care experience in the UK." "['urgently', 'require', 'health', 'assistant', 'carer', 'worker', 'east', 'assistants', 'ongoing', 'east', 'london', 'variety', 'nursing', 'residential', 'homes', 'flexible', 'individuals', 'feet', 'duties', 'include', 'personal', 'feeding', 'ensuring', 'requirements', 'met', 'inclusion', 'social', 'activities', 'general', 'housekeeping', 'candidates', 'flexible', 'locations', 'due', 'nature', 'industry', 'locations', 'daily', 'basis', 'time', 'flexible', 'hours', 'evenings', 'weekends', 'bank', 'holidays', 'months', 'paid']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Recruitment Consultant (Industrial)
Webindex: 69146761
Company: Jark Industrial
Description: JARK Industrial Ltd in Hull have an exciting opportunity for a highly motivated and confident individual with a desire to achieve targets and career goals to join a progressive, award winning Recruitment Agency as a Recruitment Consultant. Working within a established team you will be able to develop new business relationships and over achieve against budget. Previous sales experience is essential ideally working within the Recruitment Sector or Business to Business Sales. The role will envolve direct sales calls, client presentations, cold calling, candidate selection Account Management. D ue to the nature of the role the ideal candidate will be required to have a driving licence. Jark began in **** with a head office based in Norfolk it has grown and expanded organically, additionally over the past few years it has acquired other recruitment businesses that complemented the core business principles. As a privately owned business we enjoy the benefits of independence with the coverage of over **** branches within the Industrial, Construction, Driving and Healthcare recruitment sectors. Jark is a forward thinking and progressive company determined to succeed in its goals and confident of its services." 3 data/Sales\Job_00765.txt " Recruitment Consultant (Industrial)" " 69146761" " Jark Industrial" " JARK Industrial Ltd in Hull have an exciting opportunity for a highly motivated and confident individual with a desire to achieve targets and career goals to join a progressive, award winning Recruitment Agency as a Recruitment Consultant. Working within a established team you will be able to develop new business relationships and over achieve against budget. Previous sales experience is essential ideally working within the Recruitment Sector or Business to Business Sales. The role will envolve direct sales calls, client presentations, cold calling, candidate selection Account Management. D ue to the nature of the role the ideal candidate will be required to have a driving licence. Jark began in **** with a head office based in Norfolk it has grown and expanded organically, additionally over the past few years it has acquired other recruitment businesses that complemented the core business principles. As a privately owned business we enjoy the benefits of independence with the coverage of over **** branches within the Industrial, Construction, Driving and Healthcare recruitment sectors. Jark is a forward thinking and progressive company determined to succeed in its goals and confident of its services." "['jark', 'industrial', 'hull', 'exciting', 'highly', 'motivated', 'confident', 'individual', 'desire', 'achieve', 'targets', 'career', 'goals', 'progressive', 'award', 'winning', 'agency', 'consultant', 'established', 'develop', 'relationships', 'achieve', 'budget', 'previous', 'essential', 'ideally', 'sector', 'direct', 'calls', 'presentations', 'cold', 'calling', 'selection', 'account', 'nature', 'ideal', 'driving', 'licence', 'jark', 'began', 'head', 'office', 'norfolk', 'grown', 'expanded', 'additionally', 'past', 'years', 'acquired', 'businesses', 'core', 'principles', 'privately', 'owned', 'enjoy', 'benefits', 'independence', 'coverage', 'branches', 'industrial', 'construction', 'driving', 'healthcare', 'sectors', 'jark', 'forward', 'thinking', 'progressive', 'determined', 'succeed', 'goals', 'confident']" Sales
"Title: Registered General Nurse (RGN)  Shildon
Webindex: 68728668
Company: Executive Care Group Ltd
Description: Full time position available for Night shift availability.Salaries at Executive Care Group are highly competitive, depending upon experience.We are looking for motivated Registered General Nurses to join our expanding team at our care home in Shildon.About the homeHolly Lodge Care Homeis a new build care home situated in its own grounds in the centre of Shildon. It specialises in Residential, Nursing and Memory Care.The home is spacious, of high quality, and is purpose built in its own pleasant lawned gardens, and is run by a dedicated, tightlyknit team.Key responsibilitiesAssess social and health care needs of new residents, and maintain ongoing assessment and review of all other residents.Administer prescribed medicines and ensure that care is delivered according to latest guidelines and best practice evidence available Establish and maintain good communication with Residents, Relatives and with the multidisciplinary team. Ensure the ongoing safety of residents, staff and visitors through systematic assessment, monitoring and reviewing processes Ensure that clear and accurate records and communication systems relating to clinical and care delivery are maintained and effectively used Act as a role model for good clinical and care governance practiceFull time positions available for Night shift availabilitySalaries are highly competitive, depending upon experience" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00425.txt " Registered General Nurse (RGN)  Shildon" " 68728668" " Executive Care Group Ltd" " Full time position available for Night shift availability.Salaries at Executive Care Group are highly competitive, depending upon experience.We are looking for motivated Registered General Nurses to join our expanding team at our care home in Shildon.About the homeHolly Lodge Care Homeis a new build care home situated in its own grounds in the centre of Shildon. It specialises in Residential, Nursing and Memory Care.The home is spacious, of high quality, and is purpose built in its own pleasant lawned gardens, and is run by a dedicated, tightlyknit team.Key responsibilitiesAssess social and health care needs of new residents, and maintain ongoing assessment and review of all other residents.Administer prescribed medicines and ensure that care is delivered according to latest guidelines and best practice evidence available Establish and maintain good communication with Residents, Relatives and with the multidisciplinary team. Ensure the ongoing safety of residents, staff and visitors through systematic assessment, monitoring and reviewing processes Ensure that clear and accurate records and communication systems relating to clinical and care delivery are maintained and effectively used Act as a role model for good clinical and care governance practiceFull time positions available for Night shift availabilitySalaries are highly competitive, depending upon experience" "['time', 'night', 'shift', 'availability', 'salaries', 'executive', 'group', 'highly', 'competitive', 'depending', 'motivated', 'registered', 'general', 'nurses', 'expanding', 'shildon', 'lodge', 'build', 'situated', 'grounds', 'centre', 'shildon', 'specialises', 'residential', 'nursing', 'spacious', 'quality', 'purpose', 'built', 'pleasant', 'gardens', 'run', 'dedicated', 'key', 'social', 'health', 'residents', 'maintain', 'ongoing', 'assessment', 'review', 'residents', 'administer', 'prescribed', 'medicines', 'delivered', 'latest', 'guidelines', 'practice', 'evidence', 'establish', 'maintain', 'communication', 'residents', 'relatives', 'multidisciplinary', 'ongoing', 'safety', 'residents', 'visitors', 'assessment', 'monitoring', 'reviewing', 'processes', 'clear', 'accurate', 'records', 'communication', 'relating', 'clinical', 'delivery', 'maintained', 'effectively', 'act', 'model', 'clinical', 'governance', 'time', 'positions', 'night', 'shift', 'highly', 'competitive', 'depending']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Nurse (RGN/RMN)
Webindex: 70627602
Company: HC One Ltd
Description: Nurse (RGN/RMN) South East London Salary ****  **** per hour (dependent on level of experience) The ideal candidate will be a registered Nurse with a current NMC PIN and relevant experience working in a similar position within the care sector, preferably caring for elderly Residents. You will be responsible for administering prescribed medicines in accordance with HCOne s procedures and NMC guidelines, assessing all aspects of each Resident s care needs, whilst maintaining accurate records and ensuring that each Resident has an individualised Care Plan. The role includes delivering clinical excellence in a professional manner through direct Nursing care whilst effectively leading and supervising a multidisciplinary team. With a kind, caring and calm approach, the successful candidate will have excellent communication and interpersonal skills, along with the ability to establish and maintain relationships with Residents, relatives and colleagues. HCOne is a care home provider with a clear vision to provide the kindest care possible employing some of Britain s kindest and most professional people. Specialising in Dementia, Nursing, Residential and Specialist care, HCOne is the third largest provider of elderly care, with care homes situated throughout the UK. A company founded on the principles of accountability, involvement and partnership, HCOne is looking to appoint an experienced Nurse to join them on their exciting journey to provide the kindest possible care. The successful candidate will be subject to an enhanced DBS (Disclosure and Barring Service) / PVG / ACCESSNI disclosure check. For further information on HCOne, to view or apply online for any of our current vacancies please visit our website www.hcone.co.uk To request an application form please call HCOne s recruitment team on **** **** **** or email jobshcone.co.uk quoting vacancy ref HCO****" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00531.txt " Nurse (RGN/RMN)" " 70627602" " HC One Ltd" " Nurse (RGN/RMN) South East London Salary ****  **** per hour (dependent on level of experience) The ideal candidate will be a registered Nurse with a current NMC PIN and relevant experience working in a similar position within the care sector, preferably caring for elderly Residents. You will be responsible for administering prescribed medicines in accordance with HCOne s procedures and NMC guidelines, assessing all aspects of each Resident s care needs, whilst maintaining accurate records and ensuring that each Resident has an individualised Care Plan. The role includes delivering clinical excellence in a professional manner through direct Nursing care whilst effectively leading and supervising a multidisciplinary team. With a kind, caring and calm approach, the successful candidate will have excellent communication and interpersonal skills, along with the ability to establish and maintain relationships with Residents, relatives and colleagues. HCOne is a care home provider with a clear vision to provide the kindest care possible employing some of Britain s kindest and most professional people. Specialising in Dementia, Nursing, Residential and Specialist care, HCOne is the third largest provider of elderly care, with care homes situated throughout the UK. A company founded on the principles of accountability, involvement and partnership, HCOne is looking to appoint an experienced Nurse to join them on their exciting journey to provide the kindest possible care. The successful candidate will be subject to an enhanced DBS (Disclosure and Barring Service) / PVG / ACCESSNI disclosure check. For further information on HCOne, to view or apply online for any of our current vacancies please visit our website www.hcone.co.uk To request an application form please call HCOne s recruitment team on **** **** **** or email jobshcone.co.uk quoting vacancy ref HCO****" "['nurse', 'rgn', 'rmn', 'south', 'east', 'london', 'hour', 'dependent', 'level', 'ideal', 'registered', 'nurse', 'current', 'nmc', 'pin', 'relevant', 'similar', 'sector', 'preferably', 'caring', 'elderly', 'residents', 'responsible', 'administering', 'prescribed', 'medicines', 'accordance', 'hcone', 'procedures', 'nmc', 'guidelines', 'assessing', 'aspects', 'resident', 'whilst', 'maintaining', 'accurate', 'records', 'ensuring', 'resident', 'individualised', 'plan', 'includes', 'delivering', 'clinical', 'excellence', 'professional', 'manner', 'direct', 'nursing', 'whilst', 'effectively', 'supervising', 'multidisciplinary', 'kind', 'caring', 'calm', 'approach', 'communication', 'interpersonal', 'establish', 'maintain', 'relationships', 'residents', 'relatives', 'colleagues', 'hcone', 'provider', 'clear', 'vision', 'kindest', 'employing', 'britain', 'kindest', 'professional', 'people', 'specialising', 'dementia', 'nursing', 'residential', 'specialist', 'hcone', 'largest', 'provider', 'elderly', 'homes', 'situated', 'founded', 'principles', 'accountability', 'involvement', 'partnership', 'hcone', 'appoint', 'experienced', 'nurse', 'exciting', 'journey', 'kindest', 'subject', 'enhanced', 'dbs', 'disclosure', 'pvg', 'disclosure', 'check', 'information', 'hcone', 'view', 'online', 'current', 'vacancies', 'visit', 'website', 'www', 'hcone', 'request', 'application', 'form', 'call', 'hcone', 'email', 'quoting', 'vacancy', 'ref']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Risk and Compliance Manager  Card Payments  Watford ****k
Webindex: 68678658
Company: ISL UK
Description: Risk and Compliance Manager  Payments  Watford ****k ISL are actively recruiting for one of the world's leading payments organisations, they are looking for an experience Risk and Compliance Manager (card payments and processing). The role is to take the lead of a small but growing team and deal with clients and their requirements. To be suitable for the Risk and Compliance Manager (card payments and processing) position it is not essential to have man management experience. Key skills:  Experience in a senior risk/compliance/fraud role within a card payments related organisation  Proven in a client facing role with excellent communication  Up to speed with current legislation i.e. card schemes, AML, PSD (payment services directive), Mastercard, Visa Salary is expected to be in the region of **** plus benefits. To apply to the Risk and Compliance Manager (card payments and processing) please send an up to date copy of your CV to Lawrence Fellows or call **** **** **** Risk and Compliance Manager  Payments / prepaid / visa / mastercard / AML  Watford ****k This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RiskandComplianceManagerCardPaymentsWatford****k_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00413.txt " Risk and Compliance Manager  Card Payments  Watford ****k" " 68678658" " ISL UK" " Risk and Compliance Manager  Payments  Watford ****k ISL are actively recruiting for one of the world's leading payments organisations, they are looking for an experience Risk and Compliance Manager (card payments and processing). The role is to take the lead of a small but growing team and deal with clients and their requirements. To be suitable for the Risk and Compliance Manager (card payments and processing) position it is not essential to have man management experience. Key skills:  Experience in a senior risk/compliance/fraud role within a card payments related organisation  Proven in a client facing role with excellent communication  Up to speed with current legislation i.e. card schemes, AML, PSD (payment services directive), Mastercard, Visa Salary is expected to be in the region of **** plus benefits. To apply to the Risk and Compliance Manager (card payments and processing) please send an up to date copy of your CV to Lawrence Fellows or call **** **** **** Risk and Compliance Manager  Payments / prepaid / visa / mastercard / AML  Watford ****k This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RiskandComplianceManagerCardPaymentsWatford****k_job****" "['risk', 'compliance', 'payments', 'watford', 'actively', 'recruiting', ""world's"", 'payments', 'organisations', 'risk', 'compliance', 'card', 'payments', 'processing', 'lead', 'small', 'growing', 'deal', 'requirements', 'suitable', 'risk', 'compliance', 'card', 'payments', 'processing', 'essential', 'man', 'key', 'senior', 'risk', 'compliance', 'fraud', 'card', 'payments', 'related', 'organisation', 'proven', 'facing', 'communication', 'speed', 'current', 'legislation', 'card', 'schemes', 'aml', 'payment', 'mastercard', 'visa', 'expected', 'region', 'benefits', 'risk', 'compliance', 'card', 'payments', 'processing', 'send', 'date', 'copy', 'cv', 'call', 'risk', 'compliance', 'payments', 'visa', 'mastercard', 'aml', 'watford', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Band 7 Specialist Paediatric Dietitian London
Webindex: 68560763
Company: The Placement Group
Description: We have an excellent position for a band 7 dietitian to work in London The role: This is a new role to establish the paediatric home enteral feeding service. The locum role will mobilise the service including assessment, care planning and case management of 80 children and liaison between community and acute care providers. You need to have experience in community paediatric home enteral feeding and experience of multidisciplinary working. Strong project management and communication skills are essential, along with the ability to supervise a small team of **** people. Occasional travel to central London may be required, a car driver and owner is essential for this role. Position: Band 7 dietitian Start Date: 4th February 2013 Duration: 34 months Location: London Car Driver: Yes If this sounds like the next job for you, please get in touch ASAP by calling Lauren Bradshaw on or email your current CV to  Refer a friend for this dietetic job and earn 200 Cash About us… Working with Mediplacements you'll receive: A dedicated one to one service Fast track registration process Excellent rates of pay Assistance with travel and accommodation Weekly pay  on time, every time Access to exclusive NHS and Private sector jobs 24 hour service from our friendly consultants Additional benefits include: Our loyalty scheme; TPG incentives  thousands of online and in store discounts No Registration Fee Reimbursed CRBs Free online training available Mediplacements are a GPS (formerly Buying Solutions) approved agency and hold many 'Preferred Supplier' agreements with the NHS Nationwide. This status ensures that our candidates gain the best possible exposure to quality standards, best practice and the best selection of temporary jobs available, visit for details." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00605.txt " Band 7 Specialist Paediatric Dietitian London" " 68560763" " The Placement Group" " We have an excellent position for a band 7 dietitian to work in London The role: This is a new role to establish the paediatric home enteral feeding service. The locum role will mobilise the service including assessment, care planning and case management of 80 children and liaison between community and acute care providers. You need to have experience in community paediatric home enteral feeding and experience of multidisciplinary working. Strong project management and communication skills are essential, along with the ability to supervise a small team of **** people. Occasional travel to central London may be required, a car driver and owner is essential for this role. Position: Band 7 dietitian Start Date: 4th February 2013 Duration: 34 months Location: London Car Driver: Yes If this sounds like the next job for you, please get in touch ASAP by calling Lauren Bradshaw on or email your current CV to  Refer a friend for this dietetic job and earn 200 Cash About us… Working with Mediplacements you'll receive: A dedicated one to one service Fast track registration process Excellent rates of pay Assistance with travel and accommodation Weekly pay  on time, every time Access to exclusive NHS and Private sector jobs 24 hour service from our friendly consultants Additional benefits include: Our loyalty scheme; TPG incentives  thousands of online and in store discounts No Registration Fee Reimbursed CRBs Free online training available Mediplacements are a GPS (formerly Buying Solutions) approved agency and hold many 'Preferred Supplier' agreements with the NHS Nationwide. This status ensures that our candidates gain the best possible exposure to quality standards, best practice and the best selection of temporary jobs available, visit for details." "['band', 'dietitian', 'london', 'establish', 'paediatric', 'enteral', 'feeding', 'locum', 'assessment', 'planning', 'case', 'children', 'liaison', 'community', 'acute', 'providers', 'community', 'paediatric', 'enteral', 'feeding', 'multidisciplinary', 'project', 'communication', 'essential', 'supervise', 'small', 'people', 'occasional', 'travel', 'central', 'london', 'car', 'driver', 'owner', 'essential', 'band', 'dietitian', 'start', 'date', 'february', 'duration', 'months', 'location', 'london', 'car', 'driver', 'sounds', 'touch', 'asap', 'calling', 'email', 'current', 'cv', 'refer', 'friend', 'earn', 'cash', 'mediplacements', 'receive', 'dedicated', 'fast', 'track', 'registration', 'process', 'rates', 'pay', 'assistance', 'travel', 'accommodation', 'weekly', 'pay', 'time', 'time', 'access', 'exclusive', 'nhs', 'private', 'sector', 'jobs', 'hour', 'friendly', 'consultants', 'additional', 'benefits', 'include', 'loyalty', 'scheme', 'tpg', 'incentives', 'thousands', 'online', 'store', 'discounts', 'registration', 'fee', 'reimbursed', 'crbs', 'free', 'online', 'mediplacements', 'gps', 'buying', 'solutions', 'approved', 'agency', 'hold', 'preferred', 'supplier', 'agreements', 'nhs', 'nationwide', 'status', 'ensures', 'candidates', 'gain', 'exposure', 'quality', 'standards', 'practice', 'selection', 'temporary', 'jobs', 'visit', 'details']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Group Health, Safety, Environmental Quality Manager (UK / Europe)
Webindex: 70077718
Company: LPR
Description: LPR is the second leading pallet pooling service provider in Europe within the FMCG sector and are looking for a Group Health, Safety, Environmental Quality Manager to cover their sites in the UK/Europe. As the head of one of the divisions you report into the Managing Director and will provide expert knowledge and skills to help deliver support and provide expert knowledge and skills to help deliver HSEQ strategy across the business. The Group HSEQ Manager will be responsible for:  Developing and creating a strong HSEQ influence across the business by implementing change through behavioural Health and Safety across the board.  To raise awareness of the organisational responsibilities and provide expert knowledge and skills to help them deliver on them, across all areas of compliance including all matters related to Health, Safety, Environmental and Quality. Ensuring effective coordination of HSE Management and contractor management throughout the division. Support accreditation processes and maintaining assessment standards. Develop and coordination of implementing divisional health and safety, quality and environment requirements.  To disseminate information on safety matters throughout LPR, in conjunction with the safety committees, devise and implement programmes to promote a positive safety culture within the organisation.  In conjunction with operational managers, support the design and delivery of a comprehensive programme of safety training, tailored for the needs of each job role within the sector Carry out regular site audits aligned to high standards across the business, in line with strong HSE regulations and legislation. Who we re looking for  NEBOSH Diploma or equivalent (essential)  Significant experience in HSEQ and/or operational disciplines, preferably with some exposure to operations activities  Working knowledge of the principles and practice of occupational health safety management  Experience of ISO 14001, **** OHSAS 18001  Working knowledge of risk assessment  Experience in leadership and working in roles providing support across a diverse range of activities to a number of different stakeholders / sectors.  Working knowledge of principles and practice of environmental management  Behavioural Safety expert to assist in smooth transition of strategy implementation across the organisation. This is a hands on role that will require the successful candidate to be able to influence at all levels within the organisation and be able to effectively communicate with people throughout the business. This is an international role and requires a self manager to ensure all legal / support legislations are met while maintaining day to day relationships with all sites. Please note that this role does require extensive travel both National and International(EU mainly). LPR is a European group with more than 15 years of experience in pallet pooling, managed by experienced teams. As a business they are they are No. **** pallet pooling company in Europe exclusively dedicated to the FMCG sector. With their headquarter in Toulouse (France) they also have a strong presence across Europe with subsidiaries in Spain, Portugal, Benelux, Germany, Italy, UK and Ireland. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. All third party applications will be forwarded to Michael Page. Ref Code: MPGJ****Z Salary: ****k****kcar allowancepensionhealthcare" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00162.txt " Group Health, Safety, Environmental Quality Manager (UK / Europe)" " 70077718" " LPR" " LPR is the second leading pallet pooling service provider in Europe within the FMCG sector and are looking for a Group Health, Safety, Environmental Quality Manager to cover their sites in the UK/Europe. As the head of one of the divisions you report into the Managing Director and will provide expert knowledge and skills to help deliver support and provide expert knowledge and skills to help deliver HSEQ strategy across the business. The Group HSEQ Manager will be responsible for:  Developing and creating a strong HSEQ influence across the business by implementing change through behavioural Health and Safety across the board.  To raise awareness of the organisational responsibilities and provide expert knowledge and skills to help them deliver on them, across all areas of compliance including all matters related to Health, Safety, Environmental and Quality. Ensuring effective coordination of HSE Management and contractor management throughout the division. Support accreditation processes and maintaining assessment standards. Develop and coordination of implementing divisional health and safety, quality and environment requirements.  To disseminate information on safety matters throughout LPR, in conjunction with the safety committees, devise and implement programmes to promote a positive safety culture within the organisation.  In conjunction with operational managers, support the design and delivery of a comprehensive programme of safety training, tailored for the needs of each job role within the sector Carry out regular site audits aligned to high standards across the business, in line with strong HSE regulations and legislation. Who we re looking for  NEBOSH Diploma or equivalent (essential)  Significant experience in HSEQ and/or operational disciplines, preferably with some exposure to operations activities  Working knowledge of the principles and practice of occupational health safety management  Experience of ISO 14001, **** OHSAS 18001  Working knowledge of risk assessment  Experience in leadership and working in roles providing support across a diverse range of activities to a number of different stakeholders / sectors.  Working knowledge of principles and practice of environmental management  Behavioural Safety expert to assist in smooth transition of strategy implementation across the organisation. This is a hands on role that will require the successful candidate to be able to influence at all levels within the organisation and be able to effectively communicate with people throughout the business. This is an international role and requires a self manager to ensure all legal / support legislations are met while maintaining day to day relationships with all sites. Please note that this role does require extensive travel both National and International(EU mainly). LPR is a European group with more than 15 years of experience in pallet pooling, managed by experienced teams. As a business they are they are No. **** pallet pooling company in Europe exclusively dedicated to the FMCG sector. With their headquarter in Toulouse (France) they also have a strong presence across Europe with subsidiaries in Spain, Portugal, Benelux, Germany, Italy, UK and Ireland. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. All third party applications will be forwarded to Michael Page. Ref Code: MPGJ****Z Salary: ****k****kcar allowancepensionhealthcare" "['lpr', 'pallet', 'pooling', 'provider', 'europe', 'fmcg', 'sector', 'group', 'health', 'safety', 'environmental', 'quality', 'cover', 'sites', 'europe', 'head', 'divisions', 'report', 'managing', 'director', 'expert', 'deliver', 'expert', 'deliver', 'hseq', 'strategy', 'group', 'hseq', 'responsible', 'developing', 'creating', 'hseq', 'influence', 'implementing', 'change', 'behavioural', 'health', 'safety', 'board', 'raise', 'awareness', 'organisational', 'responsibilities', 'expert', 'deliver', 'areas', 'compliance', 'matters', 'related', 'health', 'safety', 'environmental', 'quality', 'ensuring', 'effective', 'coordination', 'hse', 'contractor', 'division', 'accreditation', 'processes', 'maintaining', 'assessment', 'standards', 'develop', 'coordination', 'implementing', 'divisional', 'health', 'safety', 'quality', 'environment', 'requirements', 'disseminate', 'information', 'safety', 'matters', 'lpr', 'conjunction', 'safety', 'devise', 'implement', 'programmes', 'promote', 'positive', 'safety', 'culture', 'organisation', 'conjunction', 'operational', 'managers', 'delivery', 'comprehensive', 'programme', 'safety', 'tailored', 'sector', 'carry', 'regular', 'site', 'audits', 'aligned', 'standards', 'line', 'hse', 'regulations', 'legislation', 'diploma', 'equivalent', 'essential', 'significant', 'hseq', 'operational', 'disciplines', 'preferably', 'exposure', 'operations', 'activities', 'principles', 'practice', 'occupational', 'health', 'safety', 'iso', 'ohsas', 'risk', 'assessment', 'leadership', 'roles', 'providing', 'diverse', 'range', 'activities', 'number', 'stakeholders', 'sectors', 'principles', 'practice', 'environmental', 'behavioural', 'safety', 'expert', 'assist', 'smooth', 'strategy', 'implementation', 'organisation', 'hands', 'require', 'influence', 'levels', 'organisation', 'effectively', 'communicate', 'people', 'international', 'requires', 'legal', 'met', 'maintaining', 'day', 'day', 'relationships', 'sites', 'note', 'require', 'extensive', 'travel', 'national', 'international', 'eu', 'lpr', 'european', 'group', 'years', 'pallet', 'pooling', 'managed', 'experienced', 'teams', 'pallet', 'pooling', 'europe', 'exclusively', 'dedicated', 'fmcg', 'sector', 'presence', 'europe', 'subsidiaries', 'benelux', 'germany', 'italy', 'ireland', 'specific', 'qualifications', 'account', 'overseas', 'equivalents', 'party', 'applications', 'forwarded', 'michael', 'page', 'ref', 'code']" Engineering
"Title: Company Accountant
Webindex: 71293654
Company: Choralis
Description: Job description  Company Accountant  Windsor  30,000 My client an SME in the services sector currently have a vacancy for an experienced Company Accountant to take ownership of the financial processes of the business. The successful candidate will be responsible for:  Ensuring the systems that support the business are maintained accurately and frequently  Maintaining accurate accounts and records and reporting key management information  Taking on key projects and project coordination  Developing and implementing simple cost effective IT solutions within the business Duties include:  Assisting in developing systems within the business to achieve better control of projects, more effective corporate collaboration and information sharing.  Developing simple, operating and reporting structures within the business, communicating and implementing them to the rest of the team.  Maintaining day to day bookkeeping, cash management and record keeping and ensuring consistency of document control across the business.  Reporting weekly on key performance indicators from across the business and maintaining weekly cashflows for the different parts of the business.  Production of annual budgets, company cash flow forecasts and adhoc project forecasts in conjunction with the directors.  Processing Payroll and ensuring regulatory matters are kept up to date (e.g. PAYE, VAT, Company returns etc).  Ensuring a system of reconciliations and checks are carried out on a regular basis to prove the accuracy of the financial and management information.  Providing reports and analysis of financial information.  Ledger management.  Providing support and basic information for the preparation of year end financial statements and audit where applicable.  Ensure that the office runs smoothly, the telephone is answered and customers are dealt with appropriately.  Cash collection. Specific Skills required  Strong organisational and communication skills and a strong character.  Strong attention to detail.  Strong accounts/ bookkeeping skills.  Highly computer literate.  High level of experience with Word, Excel and Sage Line ****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00249.txt " Company Accountant" " 71293654" " Choralis" " Job description  Company Accountant  Windsor  30,000 My client an SME in the services sector currently have a vacancy for an experienced Company Accountant to take ownership of the financial processes of the business. The successful candidate will be responsible for:  Ensuring the systems that support the business are maintained accurately and frequently  Maintaining accurate accounts and records and reporting key management information  Taking on key projects and project coordination  Developing and implementing simple cost effective IT solutions within the business Duties include:  Assisting in developing systems within the business to achieve better control of projects, more effective corporate collaboration and information sharing.  Developing simple, operating and reporting structures within the business, communicating and implementing them to the rest of the team.  Maintaining day to day bookkeeping, cash management and record keeping and ensuring consistency of document control across the business.  Reporting weekly on key performance indicators from across the business and maintaining weekly cashflows for the different parts of the business.  Production of annual budgets, company cash flow forecasts and adhoc project forecasts in conjunction with the directors.  Processing Payroll and ensuring regulatory matters are kept up to date (e.g. PAYE, VAT, Company returns etc).  Ensuring a system of reconciliations and checks are carried out on a regular basis to prove the accuracy of the financial and management information.  Providing reports and analysis of financial information.  Ledger management.  Providing support and basic information for the preparation of year end financial statements and audit where applicable.  Ensure that the office runs smoothly, the telephone is answered and customers are dealt with appropriately.  Cash collection. Specific Skills required  Strong organisational and communication skills and a strong character.  Strong attention to detail.  Strong accounts/ bookkeeping skills.  Highly computer literate.  High level of experience with Word, Excel and Sage Line ****" "['description', 'accountant', 'windsor', 'sme', 'sector', 'vacancy', 'experienced', 'accountant', 'ownership', 'processes', 'responsible', 'ensuring', 'maintained', 'accurately', 'frequently', 'maintaining', 'accurate', 'accounts', 'records', 'reporting', 'key', 'information', 'taking', 'key', 'projects', 'project', 'coordination', 'developing', 'implementing', 'simple', 'cost', 'effective', 'solutions', 'duties', 'include', 'assisting', 'developing', 'achieve', 'control', 'projects', 'effective', 'corporate', 'collaboration', 'information', 'sharing', 'developing', 'simple', 'operating', 'reporting', 'structures', 'communicating', 'implementing', 'rest', 'maintaining', 'day', 'day', 'bookkeeping', 'cash', 'record', 'keeping', 'ensuring', 'consistency', 'document', 'control', 'reporting', 'weekly', 'key', 'performance', 'indicators', 'maintaining', 'weekly', 'parts', 'production', 'annual', 'budgets', 'cash', 'flow', 'forecasts', 'adhoc', 'project', 'forecasts', 'conjunction', 'directors', 'processing', 'payroll', 'ensuring', 'regulatory', 'matters', 'date', 'paye', 'vat', 'returns', 'ensuring', 'system', 'reconciliations', 'checks', 'carried', 'regular', 'basis', 'prove', 'accuracy', 'information', 'providing', 'reports', 'analysis', 'information', 'ledger', 'providing', 'basic', 'information', 'preparation', 'year', 'end', 'statements', 'audit', 'applicable', 'office', 'runs', 'smoothly', 'telephone', 'answered', 'customers', 'appropriately', 'cash', 'collection', 'specific', 'organisational', 'communication', 'character', 'attention', 'detail', 'accounts', 'bookkeeping', 'highly', 'computer', 'literate', 'level', 'word', 'excel', 'sage', 'line']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Electrical Shift Engineer
Webindex: 68181436
Company: Phoenix Resourcing Services Ltd
Description: Are you an experienced Critical Services Shift Engineer, tired of the commute into the City? Want to join a prestigious M E Provider, on a freshly awarded Contract in Norfolk? A MarketLeading HVAC Maintenance firm are recruiting for a Shift Engineer for a Data Centre in Norfolk, a contract recently won and are looking for experienced engineers from Data Centre/Banking backgrounds to join the existing team. Working on a Continental Shift Pattern, and a guideline salary of between **** basic, along with an opportunity for training and additional overtime opportunities. Candidates will be Electrically qualified through an Apprenticeship, and must have at least five years of experience within Banking or Data Centres and working with ****kV. Relevant working experience will include; Fault Finding, HV (Switching, Switchgear Maintenance), Static Rotary UPS, Generators, Transformers, Data Halls, AHUs/FCUs, CRAC Units, BMS Operation, 1st line Chiller maintenance, etc. The client have an excellent reputation within the Critical Services and Data Centre industry, with a number of key contracts to their name and steadily winning more work as demonstrated by this current position. Looking for motivated and enthusiastic engineers with a good level of experience, it is an exciting time to become involved with one of the biggest players in Building Services. **** Basic Salary NorfolkBased Site Overtime Pension Training Development" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00104.txt " Electrical Shift Engineer" " 68181436" " Phoenix Resourcing Services Ltd" " Are you an experienced Critical Services Shift Engineer, tired of the commute into the City? Want to join a prestigious M E Provider, on a freshly awarded Contract in Norfolk? A MarketLeading HVAC Maintenance firm are recruiting for a Shift Engineer for a Data Centre in Norfolk, a contract recently won and are looking for experienced engineers from Data Centre/Banking backgrounds to join the existing team. Working on a Continental Shift Pattern, and a guideline salary of between **** basic, along with an opportunity for training and additional overtime opportunities. Candidates will be Electrically qualified through an Apprenticeship, and must have at least five years of experience within Banking or Data Centres and working with ****kV. Relevant working experience will include; Fault Finding, HV (Switching, Switchgear Maintenance), Static Rotary UPS, Generators, Transformers, Data Halls, AHUs/FCUs, CRAC Units, BMS Operation, 1st line Chiller maintenance, etc. The client have an excellent reputation within the Critical Services and Data Centre industry, with a number of key contracts to their name and steadily winning more work as demonstrated by this current position. Looking for motivated and enthusiastic engineers with a good level of experience, it is an exciting time to become involved with one of the biggest players in Building Services. **** Basic Salary NorfolkBased Site Overtime Pension Training Development" "['experienced', 'critical', 'shift', 'tired', 'commute', 'city', 'prestigious', 'provider', 'awarded', 'contract', 'norfolk', 'marketleading', 'hvac', 'maintenance', 'firm', 'recruiting', 'shift', 'data', 'centre', 'norfolk', 'contract', 'recently', 'won', 'experienced', 'engineers', 'data', 'centre', 'banking', 'backgrounds', 'existing', 'continental', 'shift', 'pattern', 'basic', 'additional', 'overtime', 'opportunities', 'candidates', 'electrically', 'qualified', 'apprenticeship', 'years', 'banking', 'data', 'centres', 'kv', 'relevant', 'include', 'fault', 'finding', 'hv', 'switching', 'switchgear', 'maintenance', 'ups', 'generators', 'transformers', 'data', 'units', 'bms', 'operation', 'st', 'line', 'maintenance', 'reputation', 'critical', 'data', 'centre', 'industry', 'number', 'key', 'contracts', 'winning', 'demonstrated', 'current', 'motivated', 'enthusiastic', 'engineers', 'level', 'exciting', 'time', 'involved', 'biggest', 'players', 'building', 'basic', 'site', 'overtime', 'pension']" Engineering
"Title: Graduate Sales Engineer (Machine and Consumables)
Webindex: 72406398
Company: Omega Resource Group
Description: Graduate Sales Engineer (Machine and Consumables) Salary **** (OTE ****k)  Fully Expensed Company Car  Phone  Benefits package (including pension, private healthcare and life insurance) Ideally you will be based in the Lancashire/Blackburn/Blackpool area. Are you looking for your first step into an engineering career? Key Purpose My client, the largest manufacturer of CNC Technology in the world require a Trainee Mechanical Engineer to join their rapidly expanding team. This vacancy would suit a candidate with engineering capability and aptitude for technical sales. The successful candidate will be looking for career development within a reputable and established company. Selling sheet metal machinery and consumables to existing customers and developing the customer base in their area. Responsibilities Visiting customer base in the allocated area Sales negotiation Technical presentations to customers Preparing documentation for order processing Entertaining customers at the Amada Technical Centre Preparing quotations Preparing machine justifications Developing new business Qualifications/attributes Minimum of an HNC or equivalent in a relevant engineering subject Technical sales aptitude Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Smart, professional appearance Excellent time management skills and planning capability Highly motivated Benefits Salary plus bonus scheme Employer  contributing pension scheme Private healthcare schemes Life assurance Fullyexpensed company car **** company holiday days per annum plus bank holidays structured training plan and continuous professional development If you are interested in this exciting opportunity please send your CV Omega Resource Group Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00077.txt " Graduate Sales Engineer (Machine and Consumables)" " 72406398" " Omega Resource Group" " Graduate Sales Engineer (Machine and Consumables) Salary **** (OTE ****k)  Fully Expensed Company Car  Phone  Benefits package (including pension, private healthcare and life insurance) Ideally you will be based in the Lancashire/Blackburn/Blackpool area. Are you looking for your first step into an engineering career? Key Purpose My client, the largest manufacturer of CNC Technology in the world require a Trainee Mechanical Engineer to join their rapidly expanding team. This vacancy would suit a candidate with engineering capability and aptitude for technical sales. The successful candidate will be looking for career development within a reputable and established company. Selling sheet metal machinery and consumables to existing customers and developing the customer base in their area. Responsibilities Visiting customer base in the allocated area Sales negotiation Technical presentations to customers Preparing documentation for order processing Entertaining customers at the Amada Technical Centre Preparing quotations Preparing machine justifications Developing new business Qualifications/attributes Minimum of an HNC or equivalent in a relevant engineering subject Technical sales aptitude Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Smart, professional appearance Excellent time management skills and planning capability Highly motivated Benefits Salary plus bonus scheme Employer  contributing pension scheme Private healthcare schemes Life assurance Fullyexpensed company car **** company holiday days per annum plus bank holidays structured training plan and continuous professional development If you are interested in this exciting opportunity please send your CV Omega Resource Group Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy" "['graduate', 'machine', 'consumables', 'ote', 'fully', 'expensed', 'car', 'phone', 'benefits', 'package', 'pension', 'private', 'healthcare', 'life', 'insurance', 'ideally', 'lancashire', 'blackburn', 'area', 'step', 'career', 'key', 'purpose', 'largest', 'manufacturer', 'cnc', 'technology', 'world', 'require', 'trainee', 'mechanical', 'rapidly', 'expanding', 'vacancy', 'suit', 'capability', 'aptitude', 'technical', 'career', 'reputable', 'established', 'selling', 'sheet', 'metal', 'machinery', 'consumables', 'existing', 'customers', 'developing', 'base', 'area', 'responsibilities', 'visiting', 'base', 'allocated', 'area', 'negotiation', 'technical', 'presentations', 'customers', 'preparing', 'documentation', 'order', 'processing', 'customers', 'technical', 'centre', 'preparing', 'quotations', 'preparing', 'machine', 'justifications', 'developing', 'qualifications', 'attributes', 'minimum', 'hnc', 'equivalent', 'relevant', 'subject', 'technical', 'aptitude', 'communication', 'interpersonal', 'smart', 'professional', 'appearance', 'time', 'planning', 'capability', 'highly', 'motivated', 'benefits', 'bonus', 'scheme', 'employer', 'contributing', 'pension', 'scheme', 'private', 'healthcare', 'schemes', 'life', 'assurance', 'car', 'holiday', 'days', 'annum', 'bank', 'holidays', 'structured', 'plan', 'continuous', 'professional', 'interested', 'exciting', 'send', 'cv', 'resource', 'group', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'vacancy']" Engineering
"Title: Proposals Engineer
Webindex: 69190420
Company: Rotherwood Recruitment
Description: Our engineering client based in Dewsbury is the biggest company in their group and they are looking to recruit an enthusiastic Proposals Engineer to join their expanding design function. The successful candidate will have proven experience working in the Water/Chemical/Construction sector. The role holder will have responsibility for producing general arrangement drawings, fabrication drawings and P&IDs to meet project deadlines. This is an exciting opportunity for the right individual to join an organisation which is continuing to grow and develop in many different markets. Experience required:  Fully competent in the use of Auto CAD ****D and ****D.  Beneficial to have experience in Solidworks/Investor design packages.  Experience in preparing quotations.  Proven track record in a fabrication/manufacturing environment.  Familiar with process equipment e.g. dosing pump systems, storage vessels, pressure vessels, silos and structural steel work.  Ability to work using own initiative.  Good communication skills. If you think you have the right experience and more importantly the can do attitude to join the team please send your CV to Indya, [blocked email]" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00071.txt " Proposals Engineer" " 69190420" " Rotherwood Recruitment" " Our engineering client based in Dewsbury is the biggest company in their group and they are looking to recruit an enthusiastic Proposals Engineer to join their expanding design function. The successful candidate will have proven experience working in the Water/Chemical/Construction sector. The role holder will have responsibility for producing general arrangement drawings, fabrication drawings and P&IDs to meet project deadlines. This is an exciting opportunity for the right individual to join an organisation which is continuing to grow and develop in many different markets. Experience required:  Fully competent in the use of Auto CAD ****D and ****D.  Beneficial to have experience in Solidworks/Investor design packages.  Experience in preparing quotations.  Proven track record in a fabrication/manufacturing environment.  Familiar with process equipment e.g. dosing pump systems, storage vessels, pressure vessels, silos and structural steel work.  Ability to work using own initiative.  Good communication skills. If you think you have the right experience and more importantly the can do attitude to join the team please send your CV to Indya, [blocked email]" "['dewsbury', 'biggest', 'group', 'recruit', 'enthusiastic', 'proposals', 'expanding', 'function', 'proven', 'water', 'chemical', 'construction', 'sector', 'holder', 'responsibility', 'producing', 'general', 'arrangement', 'drawings', 'fabrication', 'drawings', 'meet', 'project', 'deadlines', 'exciting', 'individual', 'organisation', 'continuing', 'grow', 'develop', 'markets', 'fully', 'competent', 'auto', 'cad', 'beneficial', 'solidworks', 'investor', 'packages', 'preparing', 'quotations', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'fabrication', 'manufacturing', 'environment', 'familiar', 'process', 'equipment', 'dosing', 'pump', 'storage', 'vessels', 'pressure', 'vessels', 'silos', 'structural', 'steel', 'initiative', 'communication', 'importantly', 'attitude', 'send', 'cv', 'blocked', 'email']" Engineering
"Title: Business to Business Outbound Sales
Webindex: 69929266
Company: Red Dot Recruitment
Description: Business to Business Outbound Sales Manchester ****k Basic Our client is a rather reputable company based in the Greater Manchester area who are currently expanding due growth in business and they currently want to employ enthusiastic and tenacious Sales Advisors to come and join their B2B sales team. The role will involve you cold calling potential B2B customers, the data which you ll be using has been collected from various sources such as online, surveys and past utility records. It will be your job to make outbound calls too small to medium sized enterprises, providing a live comparison and then to cross sell and upsell at every given opportunity and then to close of the deal for duel fuel products. This role is fast paced and very pressurised, so you must be able to work hard under pressure and at a fast pace. At least 6 months experience is needed to apply for this role. To apply for this job role please contact Ashley or apply online." 3 data/Sales\Job_00629.txt " Business to Business Outbound Sales" " 69929266" " Red Dot Recruitment" " Business to Business Outbound Sales Manchester ****k Basic Our client is a rather reputable company based in the Greater Manchester area who are currently expanding due growth in business and they currently want to employ enthusiastic and tenacious Sales Advisors to come and join their B2B sales team. The role will involve you cold calling potential B2B customers, the data which you ll be using has been collected from various sources such as online, surveys and past utility records. It will be your job to make outbound calls too small to medium sized enterprises, providing a live comparison and then to cross sell and upsell at every given opportunity and then to close of the deal for duel fuel products. This role is fast paced and very pressurised, so you must be able to work hard under pressure and at a fast pace. At least 6 months experience is needed to apply for this role. To apply for this job role please contact Ashley or apply online." "['outbound', 'manchester', 'basic', 'reputable', 'greater', 'manchester', 'area', 'expanding', 'due', 'growth', 'employ', 'enthusiastic', 'tenacious', 'advisors', 'involve', 'cold', 'calling', 'potential', 'customers', 'data', 'll', 'collected', 'sources', 'online', 'surveys', 'past', 'utility', 'records', 'make', 'outbound', 'calls', 'small', 'medium', 'sized', 'enterprises', 'providing', 'live', 'cross', 'sell', 'upsell', 'close', 'deal', 'duel', 'fuel', 'products', 'fast', 'paced', 'pressurised', 'hard', 'pressure', 'fast', 'pace', 'months', 'needed', 'contact', 'ashley', 'online']" Sales
"Title: Graduate Quantity Surveyor  Chichester, West Sussex
Webindex: 69669856
Company: Randstad
Description: Position: Graduate Quantity Surveyor Location: Chichester Salary: pound;****  pound;****2,000 My client is currently looking at expanding their commercial division. They are looking to employ a recent graduate or a trainee quantity surveyor. The right candidate will be degree educated and be looking to work within a contractor working on mainly large residential extensions for private clients. Ideally you will have gained a 2:**** or higher in a surveying degree or equivalent. If you have gained work related experience previous or after your degree that would be beneficial however, not essential. Knowledge of takeoffs and bills of quantities would also be beneficial. If you feel that you would be suitable for this position then please feel free to contact Jonathan Saltmarsh on the details below or email an updated CV through. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Skills Surveyor or quot;quantity Surveyor quot; or quot;graduate Quantity surveyor quot; or quot;graduate surveyor quot;" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00116.txt " Graduate Quantity Surveyor  Chichester, West Sussex" " 69669856" " Randstad" " Position: Graduate Quantity Surveyor Location: Chichester Salary: pound;****  pound;****2,000 My client is currently looking at expanding their commercial division. They are looking to employ a recent graduate or a trainee quantity surveyor. The right candidate will be degree educated and be looking to work within a contractor working on mainly large residential extensions for private clients. Ideally you will have gained a 2:**** or higher in a surveying degree or equivalent. If you have gained work related experience previous or after your degree that would be beneficial however, not essential. Knowledge of takeoffs and bills of quantities would also be beneficial. If you feel that you would be suitable for this position then please feel free to contact Jonathan Saltmarsh on the details below or email an updated CV through. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Skills Surveyor or quot;quantity Surveyor quot; or quot;graduate Quantity surveyor quot; or quot;graduate surveyor quot;" "['graduate', 'quantity', 'surveyor', 'location', 'chichester', 'pound', 'pound', 'expanding', 'commercial', 'division', 'employ', 'recent', 'graduate', 'trainee', 'quantity', 'surveyor', 'degree', 'educated', 'contractor', 'large', 'residential', 'private', 'ideally', 'gained', 'higher', 'surveying', 'degree', 'equivalent', 'gained', 'related', 'previous', 'degree', 'beneficial', 'essential', 'bills', 'quantities', 'beneficial', 'feel', 'suitable', 'feel', 'free', 'contact', 'jonathan', 'details', 'email', 'updated', 'cv', 'applications', 'candidates', 'ages', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'live', 'surveyor', 'quot', 'quantity', 'surveyor', 'quot', 'quot', 'graduate', 'quantity', 'surveyor', 'quot', 'quot', 'graduate', 'surveyor', 'quot']" Engineering
"Title: Corporate Account Sales Coordinator
Webindex: 72680220
Company: Lyreco
Description: Lyreco is a world leading award winning ethical business, service driven and forward thinking. As the largest workplace solutions company in the world, Lyreco employs **** people across **** subsidiaries, generating sales of ****Bn Euros globally. Our UK business operations are the undoubted market leader with a turnover of 250M and a workforce of **** people. With a strategic plan to grow to 500M in the UK we need the very best people to achieve this. We believe in offering every customer the same superior quality of products and services wherever they are. Due to our on going commitment to our customers we are seeking a Corporate Accounts Sales Coordinator to support our Corporate Account Directors, Managers and Account Managers with effective and efficient administration duties. As a Corporate Accounts Sales Coordinator your full duties will include:  To administer CMC pricing for Corporate Accounts.  To interpret pretender questions and produce high quality responses.  To produce high quality customer account review documents.  To produce data reports for all levels of corporate accounts.  To administer sales tools inc The Hub, exhibition stands etc  To produce quick and efficient admin support to all of Corporate Accounts.  To create launch packs when required for new and existing customers.  Other general admin ie organising customer visits, booking travel etc  Other adhoc duties/projects as requested by Sales Support Supervisor/Manager Qualifications skills qualities were seeking for the Corporate Account Sales Coordinator role:  Good level of general and further education.  Good level of English and Maths  NVQ Level 2 Business Admin  Good numeracy and literacy skills  Good level of accuracy  Ability to interpret and analyse data  Ability to demonstrate excellent organisational and prioritisation skills  Excellent Communication Skills  Intermediate level of Word and Excel  Knowledge of policies and procedures  Enthusiastic with a positive outlook  Attention to detail  Adopt a Right First Time approach  Adapts to change  Committed and determination to succeed  Ability to work under pressure In return for your passion, commitment and enthusiasm to deliver a great support service to our sales team you can expect a starting salary of ****  ****k. Lyreco also provide inspirational prize winning incentives for our recognised personnel and the opportunity for personal self development and continued learning are expected. If you are seeking an opportunity to further develop your career we would love to hear from you. Clicking the apply button could be the first step onto the Lyreco Career ladder. You may be currently working as a corporate account sales coordinator, sales support coordinator, sales administrator or have experience within an administration support role." 3 data/Sales\Job_00713.txt " Corporate Account Sales Coordinator" " 72680220" " Lyreco" " Lyreco is a world leading award winning ethical business, service driven and forward thinking. As the largest workplace solutions company in the world, Lyreco employs **** people across **** subsidiaries, generating sales of ****Bn Euros globally. Our UK business operations are the undoubted market leader with a turnover of 250M and a workforce of **** people. With a strategic plan to grow to 500M in the UK we need the very best people to achieve this. We believe in offering every customer the same superior quality of products and services wherever they are. Due to our on going commitment to our customers we are seeking a Corporate Accounts Sales Coordinator to support our Corporate Account Directors, Managers and Account Managers with effective and efficient administration duties. As a Corporate Accounts Sales Coordinator your full duties will include:  To administer CMC pricing for Corporate Accounts.  To interpret pretender questions and produce high quality responses.  To produce high quality customer account review documents.  To produce data reports for all levels of corporate accounts.  To administer sales tools inc The Hub, exhibition stands etc  To produce quick and efficient admin support to all of Corporate Accounts.  To create launch packs when required for new and existing customers.  Other general admin ie organising customer visits, booking travel etc  Other adhoc duties/projects as requested by Sales Support Supervisor/Manager Qualifications skills qualities were seeking for the Corporate Account Sales Coordinator role:  Good level of general and further education.  Good level of English and Maths  NVQ Level 2 Business Admin  Good numeracy and literacy skills  Good level of accuracy  Ability to interpret and analyse data  Ability to demonstrate excellent organisational and prioritisation skills  Excellent Communication Skills  Intermediate level of Word and Excel  Knowledge of policies and procedures  Enthusiastic with a positive outlook  Attention to detail  Adopt a Right First Time approach  Adapts to change  Committed and determination to succeed  Ability to work under pressure In return for your passion, commitment and enthusiasm to deliver a great support service to our sales team you can expect a starting salary of ****  ****k. Lyreco also provide inspirational prize winning incentives for our recognised personnel and the opportunity for personal self development and continued learning are expected. If you are seeking an opportunity to further develop your career we would love to hear from you. Clicking the apply button could be the first step onto the Lyreco Career ladder. You may be currently working as a corporate account sales coordinator, sales support coordinator, sales administrator or have experience within an administration support role." "['lyreco', 'world', 'award', 'winning', 'ethical', 'driven', 'forward', 'thinking', 'largest', 'workplace', 'solutions', 'world', 'lyreco', 'employs', 'people', 'subsidiaries', 'generating', 'bn', 'globally', 'operations', 'market', 'leader', 'turnover', 'workforce', 'people', 'strategic', 'plan', 'grow', 'people', 'achieve', 'offering', 'superior', 'quality', 'products', 'due', 'commitment', 'customers', 'seeking', 'corporate', 'accounts', 'coordinator', 'corporate', 'account', 'directors', 'managers', 'account', 'managers', 'effective', 'efficient', 'administration', 'duties', 'corporate', 'accounts', 'coordinator', 'duties', 'include', 'administer', 'cmc', 'pricing', 'corporate', 'accounts', 'interpret', 'questions', 'produce', 'quality', 'responses', 'produce', 'quality', 'account', 'review', 'documents', 'produce', 'data', 'reports', 'levels', 'corporate', 'accounts', 'administer', 'tools', 'hub', 'exhibition', 'stands', 'produce', 'quick', 'efficient', 'admin', 'corporate', 'accounts', 'create', 'launch', 'packs', 'existing', 'customers', 'general', 'admin', 'organising', 'visits', 'booking', 'travel', 'adhoc', 'duties', 'projects', 'requested', 'supervisor', 'qualifications', 'qualities', 'seeking', 'corporate', 'account', 'coordinator', 'level', 'general', 'education', 'level', 'english', 'maths', 'nvq', 'level', 'admin', 'numeracy', 'literacy', 'level', 'accuracy', 'interpret', 'analyse', 'data', 'demonstrate', 'organisational', 'prioritisation', 'communication', 'intermediate', 'level', 'word', 'excel', 'policies', 'procedures', 'enthusiastic', 'positive', 'outlook', 'attention', 'detail', 'adopt', 'time', 'approach', 'change', 'committed', 'determination', 'succeed', 'pressure', 'return', 'passion', 'commitment', 'enthusiasm', 'deliver', 'great', 'expect', 'starting', 'lyreco', 'inspirational', 'winning', 'incentives', 'recognised', 'personnel', 'personal', 'continued', 'learning', 'expected', 'seeking', 'develop', 'career', 'love', 'hear', 'clicking', 'button', 'step', 'lyreco', 'career', 'ladder', 'corporate', 'account', 'coordinator', 'coordinator', 'administrator', 'administration']" Sales
"Title: Technician
Webindex: 70218857
Company: Mott MacDonald Transportation
Description: Mott MacDonald is a global management, engineering and development consultancy. With a ****billion business spanning 140 countries with over **** staff in sectors such as transport, energy, buildings, water and the environment, health and education and industry and communications. ITD maintains a diverse range of skills related to the complete life cycle of transport solutions. Our teams are located around the UK and we are therefore able to provide a local service to our customers wherever they are. You will be working within the Integrated Transport Division, in the Birmingham office, of the Transportation Unit. The post is a junior support traffic engineer with the transportation sector. This is a junior post with opportunities to gain experience in traffic engineering and transport planning. You will be involved in a range of technical duties, providing an opportunity to potentially develop a career in transport planning. We are recruiting for a Transport Planning and Traffic Engineering Technician. The role will involve providing support to a team of planners and engineers. You will also support colleagues in technical work plus general office duties. Responsibilities of the role include:  Data collection, recording, cleaning, coding and verification  Use of bespoke software to input data for junction capacity and modelling assessments.  Use of Excel and Access to format data and provide basis for detailed data analysis and tabulations  Reporting to the senior traffic engineer The successful candidate will have he following: Essential academic, professional qualifications and experience:  A level (Grade C min), Maths or numerate discipline  GCSE (Grade C min) Maths, English, Geography plus at least **** others  Some work experience Essential competencies / skills:  Driving licence  Analytical  Numerate  Good verbal and written communication  Team player  IT skills Desired academic, professional qualifications and experience:  A level Computing  A level in a science  A level Geography  Some work experience in an office Desired competencies / skills:  Programming (VBA)  Excel skills  Access skills  CAD skills Mott MacDonald  Listed in Sunday Times Best Big Companies to work for for six years running. Mott MacDonald is an equal opportunties employer" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00081.txt " Technician" " 70218857" " Mott MacDonald Transportation" " Mott MacDonald is a global management, engineering and development consultancy. With a ****billion business spanning 140 countries with over **** staff in sectors such as transport, energy, buildings, water and the environment, health and education and industry and communications. ITD maintains a diverse range of skills related to the complete life cycle of transport solutions. Our teams are located around the UK and we are therefore able to provide a local service to our customers wherever they are. You will be working within the Integrated Transport Division, in the Birmingham office, of the Transportation Unit. The post is a junior support traffic engineer with the transportation sector. This is a junior post with opportunities to gain experience in traffic engineering and transport planning. You will be involved in a range of technical duties, providing an opportunity to potentially develop a career in transport planning. We are recruiting for a Transport Planning and Traffic Engineering Technician. The role will involve providing support to a team of planners and engineers. You will also support colleagues in technical work plus general office duties. Responsibilities of the role include:  Data collection, recording, cleaning, coding and verification  Use of bespoke software to input data for junction capacity and modelling assessments.  Use of Excel and Access to format data and provide basis for detailed data analysis and tabulations  Reporting to the senior traffic engineer The successful candidate will have he following: Essential academic, professional qualifications and experience:  A level (Grade C min), Maths or numerate discipline  GCSE (Grade C min) Maths, English, Geography plus at least **** others  Some work experience Essential competencies / skills:  Driving licence  Analytical  Numerate  Good verbal and written communication  Team player  IT skills Desired academic, professional qualifications and experience:  A level Computing  A level in a science  A level Geography  Some work experience in an office Desired competencies / skills:  Programming (VBA)  Excel skills  Access skills  CAD skills Mott MacDonald  Listed in Sunday Times Best Big Companies to work for for six years running. Mott MacDonald is an equal opportunties employer" "['mott', 'macdonald', 'global', 'consultancy', 'billion', 'spanning', 'countries', 'sectors', 'transport', 'energy', 'buildings', 'water', 'environment', 'health', 'education', 'industry', 'communications', 'maintains', 'diverse', 'range', 'related', 'complete', 'life', 'cycle', 'transport', 'solutions', 'teams', 'located', 'local', 'customers', 'integrated', 'transport', 'division', 'birmingham', 'office', 'transportation', 'unit', 'post', 'junior', 'traffic', 'transportation', 'sector', 'junior', 'post', 'opportunities', 'gain', 'traffic', 'transport', 'planning', 'involved', 'range', 'technical', 'duties', 'providing', 'potentially', 'develop', 'career', 'transport', 'planning', 'recruiting', 'transport', 'planning', 'traffic', 'technician', 'involve', 'providing', 'planners', 'engineers', 'colleagues', 'technical', 'general', 'office', 'duties', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'data', 'collection', 'recording', 'cleaning', 'coding', 'verification', 'bespoke', 'software', 'input', 'data', 'junction', 'capacity', 'modelling', 'assessments', 'excel', 'access', 'format', 'data', 'basis', 'detailed', 'data', 'analysis', 'reporting', 'senior', 'traffic', 'essential', 'academic', 'professional', 'qualifications', 'level', 'grade', 'min', 'maths', 'numerate', 'discipline', 'gcse', 'grade', 'min', 'maths', 'english', 'geography', 'essential', 'competencies', 'driving', 'licence', 'analytical', 'numerate', 'verbal', 'written', 'communication', 'player', 'desired', 'academic', 'professional', 'qualifications', 'level', 'level', 'science', 'level', 'geography', 'office', 'desired', 'competencies', 'programming', 'vba', 'excel', 'access', 'cad', 'mott', 'macdonald', 'listed', 'sunday', 'times', 'big', 'companies', 'years', 'running', 'mott', 'macdonald', 'equal', 'employer']" Engineering
"Title: Customer Assurance Manager
Webindex: 72236150
Company: PEARSON WHIFFIN RECRUITMENT LTD
Description: We are currently recruiting for an award winning financial services organisation that is currently seeking to recruit an experienced Customer Assurance Manager to join their business. The role will require you to to work with all areas of operational activity up to and including Executive Management to assure consistent quality of production by developing and enforcing good practice systems, validating processes, providing documentation. You will also be responsible for the line management of a crosssite Customer Assurance and Customer Relations teams. Duties: Managing the customer lifecycle through complaints and dispute resolution, contribution of management information and analysis to strategic plans and reviews, preparing and completing actions plans, implementing productivity, quality, and customer service standards, identifying and resolving problems; completing audits, determining system improvement and implement change Developing, maintaining, communicating customer service procedures, policies and standards for the organisation or department Maintains and improve company, system, complaints and dispute resolution audits, collaborating with key stakeholders Responsible for ensuring that customer complaints and disputes are investigated and responded to in line with company policy, industry guidance and legal requirements Agree recommendations to Executives in regard to serious complaints addressed to CEO, MD, COO and media complaints Ensures delivery against departmental goals and objectives, acting as a catalyst for change and improvement in performance/quality Estimate resources and participants needed to achieve department goals Evaluating operational performance data, reporting of such and recommending and implementing required changes to improve performance Responsible for ensuring all business KPIs relating to areas of responsibility are consistently met Working with Operational Management to implement and support strategic improvements Maintain daily contact with direct reports (Team Leaders) and Head of Quality and Change Management, and sustain regular contact with all other departments and staff at appropriate levels Responsible for the day to day management of all direct reports Responsible for establishing stretching, but realistic, objectives for individual staff and teams Involvement in all aspects of staff management from recruitment, training, motivation and retention through to disciplinary Skills required: Extensive experience of direct line management including performance management Ability to motivate and develop employees Working knowledge of the UK financial services sector  Essential Experience in the escalated complaint and dispute resolution sector Hands on approach Able to demonstrate a strong business awareness Knowledge of customer assurance/standards Able to propose areas for change in order to achieve consistency, economies and focus, acting as a catalyst for change and innovation so as to drive the organisation to greater success Ability to challenge business areas to identify benefits and ensure they are properly articulated to the appropriate areas Strong analytical/problem solving skills with high attention to detail Excellent communication and presentation skills (both written and oral) Strong MS Office skills (Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint) Logical, innovative, methodical, collaborative and thorough approach to work Works well under pressure, confident and the ability to multi task Planning and numerical skills Must be able and willing to travel weekly as part of the role This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CustomerAssuranceManager_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00402.txt " Customer Assurance Manager" " 72236150" " PEARSON WHIFFIN RECRUITMENT LTD" " We are currently recruiting for an award winning financial services organisation that is currently seeking to recruit an experienced Customer Assurance Manager to join their business. The role will require you to to work with all areas of operational activity up to and including Executive Management to assure consistent quality of production by developing and enforcing good practice systems, validating processes, providing documentation. You will also be responsible for the line management of a crosssite Customer Assurance and Customer Relations teams. Duties: Managing the customer lifecycle through complaints and dispute resolution, contribution of management information and analysis to strategic plans and reviews, preparing and completing actions plans, implementing productivity, quality, and customer service standards, identifying and resolving problems; completing audits, determining system improvement and implement change Developing, maintaining, communicating customer service procedures, policies and standards for the organisation or department Maintains and improve company, system, complaints and dispute resolution audits, collaborating with key stakeholders Responsible for ensuring that customer complaints and disputes are investigated and responded to in line with company policy, industry guidance and legal requirements Agree recommendations to Executives in regard to serious complaints addressed to CEO, MD, COO and media complaints Ensures delivery against departmental goals and objectives, acting as a catalyst for change and improvement in performance/quality Estimate resources and participants needed to achieve department goals Evaluating operational performance data, reporting of such and recommending and implementing required changes to improve performance Responsible for ensuring all business KPIs relating to areas of responsibility are consistently met Working with Operational Management to implement and support strategic improvements Maintain daily contact with direct reports (Team Leaders) and Head of Quality and Change Management, and sustain regular contact with all other departments and staff at appropriate levels Responsible for the day to day management of all direct reports Responsible for establishing stretching, but realistic, objectives for individual staff and teams Involvement in all aspects of staff management from recruitment, training, motivation and retention through to disciplinary Skills required: Extensive experience of direct line management including performance management Ability to motivate and develop employees Working knowledge of the UK financial services sector  Essential Experience in the escalated complaint and dispute resolution sector Hands on approach Able to demonstrate a strong business awareness Knowledge of customer assurance/standards Able to propose areas for change in order to achieve consistency, economies and focus, acting as a catalyst for change and innovation so as to drive the organisation to greater success Ability to challenge business areas to identify benefits and ensure they are properly articulated to the appropriate areas Strong analytical/problem solving skills with high attention to detail Excellent communication and presentation skills (both written and oral) Strong MS Office skills (Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint) Logical, innovative, methodical, collaborative and thorough approach to work Works well under pressure, confident and the ability to multi task Planning and numerical skills Must be able and willing to travel weekly as part of the role This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CustomerAssuranceManager_job****" "['recruiting', 'award', 'winning', 'organisation', 'seeking', 'recruit', 'experienced', 'assurance', 'require', 'areas', 'operational', 'activity', 'executive', 'consistent', 'quality', 'production', 'developing', 'practice', 'processes', 'providing', 'documentation', 'responsible', 'line', 'assurance', 'relations', 'teams', 'duties', 'managing', 'lifecycle', 'complaints', 'dispute', 'resolution', 'contribution', 'information', 'analysis', 'strategic', 'plans', 'reviews', 'preparing', 'completing', 'actions', 'plans', 'implementing', 'productivity', 'quality', 'standards', 'identifying', 'resolving', 'problems', 'completing', 'audits', 'determining', 'system', 'improvement', 'implement', 'change', 'developing', 'maintaining', 'communicating', 'procedures', 'policies', 'standards', 'organisation', 'department', 'maintains', 'improve', 'system', 'complaints', 'dispute', 'resolution', 'audits', 'collaborating', 'key', 'stakeholders', 'responsible', 'ensuring', 'complaints', 'disputes', 'investigated', 'responded', 'line', 'policy', 'industry', 'guidance', 'legal', 'requirements', 'agree', 'recommendations', 'executives', 'regard', 'complaints', 'ceo', 'md', 'coo', 'media', 'complaints', 'ensures', 'delivery', 'departmental', 'goals', 'objectives', 'acting', 'catalyst', 'change', 'improvement', 'performance', 'quality', 'estimate', 'resources', 'participants', 'needed', 'achieve', 'department', 'goals', 'evaluating', 'operational', 'performance', 'data', 'reporting', 'recommending', 'implementing', 'improve', 'performance', 'responsible', 'ensuring', 'kpis', 'relating', 'areas', 'responsibility', 'consistently', 'met', 'operational', 'implement', 'strategic', 'improvements', 'maintain', 'daily', 'contact', 'direct', 'reports', 'leaders', 'head', 'quality', 'change', 'sustain', 'regular', 'contact', 'departments', 'levels', 'responsible', 'day', 'day', 'direct', 'reports', 'responsible', 'establishing', 'stretching', 'realistic', 'objectives', 'individual', 'teams', 'involvement', 'aspects', 'motivation', 'retention', 'disciplinary', 'extensive', 'direct', 'line', 'performance', 'motivate', 'develop', 'employees', 'sector', 'essential', 'escalated', 'complaint', 'dispute', 'resolution', 'sector', 'hands', 'approach', 'demonstrate', 'awareness', 'assurance', 'standards', 'propose', 'areas', 'change', 'order', 'achieve', 'consistency', 'economies', 'focus', 'acting', 'catalyst', 'change', 'innovation', 'drive', 'organisation', 'greater', 'success', 'challenge', 'areas', 'identify', 'benefits', 'areas', 'analytical', 'problem', 'solving', 'attention', 'detail', 'communication', 'presentation', 'written', 'oral', 'ms', 'office', 'outlook', 'excel', 'word', 'powerpoint', 'logical', 'innovative', 'methodical', 'approach', 'works', 'pressure', 'confident', 'multi', 'task', 'planning', 'numerical', 'travel', 'weekly', 'part', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Parts Sales Executive
Webindex: 69635720
Company: Michael Page Sales
Description: The core responsibility of the Parts Sales Executive will be to drive sales of parts and consumables used in the packaging process. You will utilise the relationships that the new equipment sales team have built with the enduser customers and grow share of the aftermarket business. The role will cover the whole of the UK but will be based from the North West. The successful Parts Sales Executive will have strong commercial experience, preferably gained within an Aftermarket environment. You will have strong presentation and negotiation skills and be able to manage your own time effectively. Any knowledge of the food manufacture industry or packaging would be an advantage. You will need to be commutable to an office near Chester. A leading global manufacturer of packaging solutions. Salary, Car and Benefits. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/PartsSalesExecutive_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00700.txt " Parts Sales Executive" " 69635720" " Michael Page Sales" " The core responsibility of the Parts Sales Executive will be to drive sales of parts and consumables used in the packaging process. You will utilise the relationships that the new equipment sales team have built with the enduser customers and grow share of the aftermarket business. The role will cover the whole of the UK but will be based from the North West. The successful Parts Sales Executive will have strong commercial experience, preferably gained within an Aftermarket environment. You will have strong presentation and negotiation skills and be able to manage your own time effectively. Any knowledge of the food manufacture industry or packaging would be an advantage. You will need to be commutable to an office near Chester. A leading global manufacturer of packaging solutions. Salary, Car and Benefits. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/PartsSalesExecutive_job****" "['core', 'responsibility', 'parts', 'executive', 'drive', 'parts', 'consumables', 'packaging', 'process', 'utilise', 'relationships', 'equipment', 'built', 'customers', 'grow', 'share', 'aftermarket', 'cover', 'north', 'west', 'parts', 'executive', 'commercial', 'preferably', 'gained', 'aftermarket', 'environment', 'presentation', 'negotiation', 'manage', 'time', 'effectively', 'food', 'manufacture', 'industry', 'packaging', 'advantage', 'commutable', 'office', 'chester', 'global', 'manufacturer', 'packaging', 'solutions', 'car', 'benefits', 'application', 'reviewed', 'michael', 'page', 'aware', 'receive', 'volume', 'applications', 'advertised', 'regularly', 'receive', 'applications', 'candidates', 'exceed', 'credentials', 'contact', 'days', 'selected', 'interview', 'specific', 'qualifications', 'account', 'overseas', 'equivalents', 'michael', 'page', 'world', 'consultancy', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'salestarget', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Graduate Recruitment Consultant
Webindex: 69267760
Company: Akton Recruitment Ltd
Description: Position: Graduate Recruitment Consultant Location: Altrincham Salary: Competitive plus excellent commission structure Akton Recruitment is a progressive and dynamic technical recruitment consultancy based in the heart of Altrincham. We are now expanding our horizons and looking to the future. We are now looking for YOU. You have heard the old cliche, Work Hard, Play Hard. Well at Atkon we take this litteraly. We are looking for fun, energetic, career minded individuals who want to earn serious money. If you have the following skills and experience then we want to speak with you.  Experience of Outbound Telesales  Proven experience of dealing with clients / customers in a competitive market  The ability to think outside the box  Strong IT skills  Microsoft Office, Word and using databases  Confident and outgoing personality. ` If you would like to apply to the position then please call Tim Dracup on **** **** **** and send your C.V to tdracupaktonrecruitment.com URL removed" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00006.txt " Graduate Recruitment Consultant" " 69267760" " Akton Recruitment Ltd" " Position: Graduate Recruitment Consultant Location: Altrincham Salary: Competitive plus excellent commission structure Akton Recruitment is a progressive and dynamic technical recruitment consultancy based in the heart of Altrincham. We are now expanding our horizons and looking to the future. We are now looking for YOU. You have heard the old cliche, Work Hard, Play Hard. Well at Atkon we take this litteraly. We are looking for fun, energetic, career minded individuals who want to earn serious money. If you have the following skills and experience then we want to speak with you.  Experience of Outbound Telesales  Proven experience of dealing with clients / customers in a competitive market  The ability to think outside the box  Strong IT skills  Microsoft Office, Word and using databases  Confident and outgoing personality. ` If you would like to apply to the position then please call Tim Dracup on **** **** **** and send your C.V to tdracupaktonrecruitment.com URL removed" "['graduate', 'consultant', 'location', 'altrincham', 'competitive', 'commission', 'structure', 'progressive', 'dynamic', 'technical', 'consultancy', 'heart', 'altrincham', 'expanding', 'horizons', 'future', 'heard', 'hard', 'play', 'hard', 'fun', 'energetic', 'career', 'minded', 'individuals', 'earn', 'money', 'speak', 'outbound', 'telesales', 'proven', 'dealing', 'customers', 'competitive', 'market', 'box', 'microsoft', 'office', 'word', 'databases', 'confident', 'outgoing', 'personality', 'call', 'tim', 'send', 'url', 'removed']" Engineering
"Title: P/T Internal Auditor  Policy Communications
Webindex: 62011444
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: P/T Internal Auditor  Policy Communications Reference no: Fenland **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: PE**** **** What s involved with this role: Plan and undertake : Systems/risk based audits Special Investigations Probity Audits Maintain an up to date knowledge of Internal Audit standards, regulations, best practice and the Council s policies. To perform reviews compiling appropriate working papers and effective audit reports to all levels of staff and management with careful consideration to diplomacy, sensitivity and confidentiality. Develop solutions to problems and agree with officers the content of an action plan for improvements in policy, procedure, controls and risk management processes. Carry out followup reviews and ensure implementation of recommendations. Provide advice upon request to all levels of staff and management in respect of risk management, corporate policies, control and governance processes. Promote and develop all staff and management in their understanding of risk and control. Provide support to the development of Council services, partaking in project development meetings, providing advice on both development and application controls and developing solutions for future implementation with consideration to the Council s objectives and promoting customer focussed service delivery. Support management in respect of fraud and irregularity investigations by performing and documenting investigatory interviews and where necessary liaising with Council members, police and public. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also state that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Minimum of 12 months recent auditing experience, preferably within a similar role and ideally within a public sector organisation Microsoft Office skills Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Institute of Internal Auditors diploma in Internal Auditing (P.I.I.A Level) Accounting Technician (A.A.T.)/ finalist considered Recent experience of internal auditing. Computer auditing. Auditing within Local Government. Any local authority/public sector experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Finance/Internal Auditing Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 3 months. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00277.txt " P/T Internal Auditor  Policy Communications" " 62011444" " Triumph Consultants" " P/T Internal Auditor  Policy Communications Reference no: Fenland **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: PE**** **** What s involved with this role: Plan and undertake : Systems/risk based audits Special Investigations Probity Audits Maintain an up to date knowledge of Internal Audit standards, regulations, best practice and the Council s policies. To perform reviews compiling appropriate working papers and effective audit reports to all levels of staff and management with careful consideration to diplomacy, sensitivity and confidentiality. Develop solutions to problems and agree with officers the content of an action plan for improvements in policy, procedure, controls and risk management processes. Carry out followup reviews and ensure implementation of recommendations. Provide advice upon request to all levels of staff and management in respect of risk management, corporate policies, control and governance processes. Promote and develop all staff and management in their understanding of risk and control. Provide support to the development of Council services, partaking in project development meetings, providing advice on both development and application controls and developing solutions for future implementation with consideration to the Council s objectives and promoting customer focussed service delivery. Support management in respect of fraud and irregularity investigations by performing and documenting investigatory interviews and where necessary liaising with Council members, police and public. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also state that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Minimum of 12 months recent auditing experience, preferably within a similar role and ideally within a public sector organisation Microsoft Office skills Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Institute of Internal Auditors diploma in Internal Auditing (P.I.I.A Level) Accounting Technician (A.A.T.)/ finalist considered Recent experience of internal auditing. Computer auditing. Auditing within Local Government. Any local authority/public sector experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Finance/Internal Auditing Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 3 months. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited" "['internal', 'auditor', 'policy', 'communications', 'reference', 'temporary', 'potentially', 'long', 'term', 'subject', 'extension', 'vacancy', 'involved', 'plan', 'undertake', 'risk', 'audits', 'special', 'investigations', 'audits', 'maintain', 'date', 'internal', 'audit', 'standards', 'regulations', 'practice', 'council', 'policies', 'perform', 'reviews', 'compiling', 'papers', 'effective', 'audit', 'reports', 'levels', 'consideration', 'diplomacy', 'sensitivity', 'confidentiality', 'develop', 'solutions', 'problems', 'agree', 'officers', 'content', 'action', 'plan', 'improvements', 'policy', 'procedure', 'controls', 'risk', 'processes', 'carry', 'followup', 'reviews', 'implementation', 'recommendations', 'advice', 'request', 'levels', 'respect', 'risk', 'corporate', 'policies', 'control', 'governance', 'processes', 'promote', 'develop', 'understanding', 'risk', 'control', 'council', 'project', 'meetings', 'providing', 'advice', 'application', 'controls', 'developing', 'solutions', 'future', 'implementation', 'consideration', 'council', 'objectives', 'promoting', 'focussed', 'delivery', 'respect', 'fraud', 'investigations', 'performing', 'documenting', 'interviews', 'liaising', 'council', 'members', 'police', 'public', 'quote', 'title', 'vacancy', 'reference', 'application', 'automatically', 'rejected', 'giving', 'chance', 'success', 'make', 'cv', 'date', 'gaps', 'employment', 'cv', 'cover', 'essential', 'requirements', 'crb', 'details', 'qualifications', 'called', 'cv', 'state', 'start', 'immediately', 'short', 'notice', 'information', 'covering', 'letters', 'cv', 'standalone', 'document', 'recommend', 'sending', 'suitably', 'tailored', 'cv', 'listing', 'top', 'cv', 'key', 'qualifications', 'relate', 'specifically', 'vacancy', 'essentials', 'requirements', 'cv', 'covering', 'letter', 'availability', 'cv', 'state', 'short', 'notice', 'minimum', 'months', 'recent', 'auditing', 'preferably', 'similar', 'ideally', 'public', 'sector', 'organisation', 'microsoft', 'office', 'preferable', 'desirable', 'details', 'include', 'cv', 'applicable', 'institute', 'internal', 'auditors', 'diploma', 'internal', 'auditing', 'level', 'accounting', 'technician', 'finalist', 'considered', 'recent', 'internal', 'auditing', 'computer', 'auditing', 'auditing', 'local', 'government', 'local', 'authority', 'public', 'sector', 'relevant', 'qualifications', 'held', 'studied', 'public', 'sector', 'organisation', 'division', 'disciplines', 'involved', 'finance', 'internal', 'auditing', 'anticipated', 'length', 'assignment', 'roles', 'technically', 'temporary', 'opening', 'assignments', 'extended', 'longer', 'term', 'basis', 'opening', 'assignment', 'months', 'hours', 'week', 'tbc', 'monday', 'friday', 'normal', 'hours', 'contact', 'progress', 'updates', 'read', 'cv', 'due', 'volumes', 'respond', 'unsuccessful', 'applications', 'cvs', 'address', 'essentials', 'requested', 'hear', 'email', 'cv', 'forward', 'stage', 'note', 'check', 'ads', 'day', 'underlying', 'roles', 'remain', 'live', 'send', 'cv', 'modified', 'alternative', 'applying', 'line', 'email', 'straight', 'gb', 'remember', 'quote', 'reference', 'number', 'question', 'unable', 'match', 'cv', 'vacancy', 'number', 'applications', 'receive', 'day', 'note', 'vacancy', 'longer', 'showing', 'site', 'longer', 'live', 'won', 'necessarily', 'reply', 'case', 'consultants', 'limited']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Care Coordinator Bournemouth
Webindex: 71885903
Description: Saga Homecare is currently seeking a suitably experienced individual to join our team in Bournemouth as a Care Coordinator. The overall purpose of a care coordinator is to provide carers with line manager support and to ensure they are providing a high quality service. Duties Include: Visiting both new and existing client to establish business levels, Reassessing clients care plans, Business generation via telephone calls, Provide on call cover as part of the team, Complete the rosters for the care staff, Previous experience of working in a healthcare environment and actioning rota's is essential. Ideally you will have full driver's license and your own vehicle. If you are interested in this role, please call for more informaiton or email an up to date copy of your CV today Saga Homecare. An equal opportunities employer. Regulated by CSSIW. Saga Homecare is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children, adults and young people and expects all staff to share this commitment" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00534.txt " Care Coordinator Bournemouth" " 71885903"  " Saga Homecare is currently seeking a suitably experienced individual to join our team in Bournemouth as a Care Coordinator. The overall purpose of a care coordinator is to provide carers with line manager support and to ensure they are providing a high quality service. Duties Include: Visiting both new and existing client to establish business levels, Reassessing clients care plans, Business generation via telephone calls, Provide on call cover as part of the team, Complete the rosters for the care staff, Previous experience of working in a healthcare environment and actioning rota's is essential. Ideally you will have full driver's license and your own vehicle. If you are interested in this role, please call for more informaiton or email an up to date copy of your CV today Saga Homecare. An equal opportunities employer. Regulated by CSSIW. Saga Homecare is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children, adults and young people and expects all staff to share this commitment" "['saga', 'homecare', 'seeking', 'suitably', 'experienced', 'individual', 'bournemouth', 'coordinator', 'purpose', 'coordinator', 'carers', 'line', 'providing', 'quality', 'duties', 'include', 'visiting', 'existing', 'establish', 'levels', 'reassessing', 'plans', 'generation', 'telephone', 'calls', 'call', 'cover', 'part', 'complete', 'previous', 'healthcare', 'environment', ""rota's"", 'essential', 'ideally', 'license', 'vehicle', 'interested', 'call', 'email', 'date', 'copy', 'cv', 'today', 'saga', 'homecare', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer', 'regulated', 'saga', 'homecare', 'committed', 'safeguarding', 'promoting', 'welfare', 'children', 'adults', 'young', 'people', 'expects', 'share', 'commitment']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Senior Compliance Monitoring Manager
Webindex: 68214614
Company: Hays A F
Description: Role: Senior compliance monitoring manager Company: Top Broker Salary: upto ****  Benefits Location: City of London Role Description: The job is a senior managerial position in the companies monitoring team. Responsibilities include, undertaking riskbased compliance monitoring reviews, managing the reviews and all components, give recommendations on the monitoring process and plan/design the monitoring programme more information available Requirements:  Managerial experience  Strong monitoring experience  Experience of designing and implementing a monitoring plan  Broad knowledge of relevant legislation and regulation  Must be from an insurance background This is a very senior position in one of the worlds leading companies If you are interested then please get in touch on **** **** ****Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00294.txt " Senior Compliance Monitoring Manager" " 68214614" " Hays A F" " Role: Senior compliance monitoring manager Company: Top Broker Salary: upto ****  Benefits Location: City of London Role Description: The job is a senior managerial position in the companies monitoring team. Responsibilities include, undertaking riskbased compliance monitoring reviews, managing the reviews and all components, give recommendations on the monitoring process and plan/design the monitoring programme more information available Requirements:  Managerial experience  Strong monitoring experience  Experience of designing and implementing a monitoring plan  Broad knowledge of relevant legislation and regulation  Must be from an insurance background This is a very senior position in one of the worlds leading companies If you are interested then please get in touch on **** **** ****Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk" "['senior', 'compliance', 'monitoring', 'top', 'broker', 'upto', 'benefits', 'location', 'city', 'london', 'description', 'senior', 'managerial', 'companies', 'monitoring', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'undertaking', 'compliance', 'monitoring', 'reviews', 'managing', 'reviews', 'components', 'give', 'recommendations', 'monitoring', 'process', 'plan', 'monitoring', 'programme', 'information', 'requirements', 'managerial', 'monitoring', 'designing', 'implementing', 'monitoring', 'plan', 'broad', 'relevant', 'legislation', 'regulation', 'insurance', 'background', 'senior', 'worlds', 'companies', 'interested', 'touch', 'hays', 'specialist', 'limited', 'acts', 'employment', 'agency', 'permanent', 'employment', 'supply', 'temporary', 'workers', 'applying', 'accept', 'privacy', 'policy', 'disclaimers', 'found', 'hays']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Commercial Team Leader
Webindex: 71293696
Company: Hillman Saunders
Description: Our client, a highly regarded and professional insurance brokerage based in West Sussex, is looking to recruit a team leader/manager for their commercial insurance schemes team. This is an internal sales operations role managing **** telephone account handlers and **** admin support staff that service the bulk of their SME type clients in the charity sector. It s a fairly rounded role with candidates needing to have all round people/team management experience and excellent customer /sales skills to help drive up performance of the team. Ideally candidates should have schemes experience where processes are quite key and the ability to review and improve current processes to improve team efficiency. There will of course also be monitoring team compliance. As a broker, the client handles all commercial classes of business, so a broad technical product knowledge is also needed to provide 1st line support to his/her team on technical matters. oExperience in commercial insurance industry and broking oProven experience of leading telephone based insurance teams covering sales and service oExperience of dealing with Lloyd s insurance market and binding authority for Lloyd s oExperience of dealing with a broad range of wider insurance markets, underwriters and claims managers within insurance companies oKnowledge of FSA regulations and proven experience of undertaking compliance monitoring activities oGood experience of working with Insurance IT systems oGood administration, organisation work flow insurance processes oProven experience in insurance processes oAbility to work under own initiative oAbility to work under pressure and tight deadlines oExperienced in presenting at customer events  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00310.txt " Commercial Team Leader" " 71293696" " Hillman Saunders" " Our client, a highly regarded and professional insurance brokerage based in West Sussex, is looking to recruit a team leader/manager for their commercial insurance schemes team. This is an internal sales operations role managing **** telephone account handlers and **** admin support staff that service the bulk of their SME type clients in the charity sector. It s a fairly rounded role with candidates needing to have all round people/team management experience and excellent customer /sales skills to help drive up performance of the team. Ideally candidates should have schemes experience where processes are quite key and the ability to review and improve current processes to improve team efficiency. There will of course also be monitoring team compliance. As a broker, the client handles all commercial classes of business, so a broad technical product knowledge is also needed to provide 1st line support to his/her team on technical matters. oExperience in commercial insurance industry and broking oProven experience of leading telephone based insurance teams covering sales and service oExperience of dealing with Lloyd s insurance market and binding authority for Lloyd s oExperience of dealing with a broad range of wider insurance markets, underwriters and claims managers within insurance companies oKnowledge of FSA regulations and proven experience of undertaking compliance monitoring activities oGood experience of working with Insurance IT systems oGood administration, organisation work flow insurance processes oProven experience in insurance processes oAbility to work under own initiative oAbility to work under pressure and tight deadlines oExperienced in presenting at customer events  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business" "['highly', 'regarded', 'professional', 'insurance', 'brokerage', 'west', 'sussex', 'recruit', 'leader', 'commercial', 'insurance', 'schemes', 'internal', 'operations', 'managing', 'telephone', 'account', 'handlers', 'admin', 'bulk', 'sme', 'type', 'charity', 'sector', 'fairly', 'rounded', 'candidates', 'needing', 'round', 'people', 'drive', 'performance', 'ideally', 'candidates', 'schemes', 'processes', 'key', 'review', 'improve', 'current', 'processes', 'improve', 'efficiency', 'monitoring', 'compliance', 'broker', 'commercial', 'classes', 'broad', 'technical', 'product', 'needed', 'st', 'line', 'technical', 'matters', 'oexperience', 'commercial', 'insurance', 'industry', 'broking', 'oproven', 'telephone', 'insurance', 'teams', 'covering', 'oexperience', 'dealing', 'lloyd', 'insurance', 'market', 'authority', 'lloyd', 'oexperience', 'dealing', 'broad', 'range', 'wider', 'insurance', 'markets', 'underwriters', 'claims', 'managers', 'insurance', 'companies', 'fsa', 'regulations', 'proven', 'undertaking', 'compliance', 'monitoring', 'activities', 'ogood', 'insurance', 'ogood', 'administration', 'organisation', 'flow', 'insurance', 'processes', 'oproven', 'insurance', 'processes', 'oability', 'initiative', 'oability', 'pressure', 'tight', 'deadlines', 'presenting', 'events', 'fusion', 'people', 'committed', 'promoting', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'people', 'age', 'gender', 'religion', 'belief', 'race', 'sexuality', 'disability', 'operate', 'employment', 'agency', 'employment']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Account Director
Webindex: 69266150
Company: ID Search and Selection Ltd
Description: Our client is looking for a talented, highly creative Account Director in healthcare PR. Based in London, this is an opportunity to work on ground breaking, fully integrated global campaigns. Account Direction:  Assist in developing strategic programme and finalising programme activity and budget with client.  Direct account team activity to ensure appropriate tactical programme is developed and implemented according to company standards and achieves client objectives.  Keep abreast of external issues and events and regularly review their impact upon programmes and client objectives.  Be aware and responsible for financial status of accounts of designated responsibility at all times.  Responsibility for negotiating and establishing financial arrangements with clients in consultation with Finance Department. Client Liaison:  Contribute to development of client marketing strategy.  Maintain regular contact regarding account direction, staffing and other issues as appropriate.  Establish and maintain a role as consultant/adviser to client.  Responsible for ensuring account issues are regularly monitored and a proactive issues management programme is developed. New Business:  Assist in the driving and developing of new business pitches in accordance with direction from Business Unit Heat and/or Managing Director.  Create and develop opportunities for organic growth of existing business. People Management:  Lead and motivate supervised staff to fulfil their potential and assume responsibility and accountability appropriate to their position.  Make recommendations to the Management Team regarding staff development and account resourcing respectively. Professional Relations:  Responsible for key contact with opinion leaders (medical/media and industry).  Identify opportunities to build opinion leader database and develop additional activity.  Maintain market intelligence by monitoring opinion leader opinions on external/product/ competitive client issues. Media Relations:  Develop and maintain good understanding of UK and international/European media.  Develop relationships with key editors/producers responsible for UK and/or international/European media outreach Knowledge Skill and Abilities:  Life science or communications degree  Be a seasoned Account Manager or recently appointed Account Director with experience of ethical pharmaceutical public relations either in an agency or clientside  Be experienced in developing and leading projects and programmes within global or panEuropean communications for prescription medicines, medical devices or diagnostic products at any stage of the lifecycle, as well as implementing international disease awareness campaigns.  Have a good track record in thinking strategically and delivering creativity and innovation for your clients  Have the ability to lead teams, directly handle client relationships from pitch to business, and run project and programmes working with senior team members and with some level of autonomy Package: An excellent package will be offered; for more information please call Jon Gawley on **** ****" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00585.txt " Account Director" " 69266150" " ID Search and Selection Ltd" " Our client is looking for a talented, highly creative Account Director in healthcare PR. Based in London, this is an opportunity to work on ground breaking, fully integrated global campaigns. Account Direction:  Assist in developing strategic programme and finalising programme activity and budget with client.  Direct account team activity to ensure appropriate tactical programme is developed and implemented according to company standards and achieves client objectives.  Keep abreast of external issues and events and regularly review their impact upon programmes and client objectives.  Be aware and responsible for financial status of accounts of designated responsibility at all times.  Responsibility for negotiating and establishing financial arrangements with clients in consultation with Finance Department. Client Liaison:  Contribute to development of client marketing strategy.  Maintain regular contact regarding account direction, staffing and other issues as appropriate.  Establish and maintain a role as consultant/adviser to client.  Responsible for ensuring account issues are regularly monitored and a proactive issues management programme is developed. New Business:  Assist in the driving and developing of new business pitches in accordance with direction from Business Unit Heat and/or Managing Director.  Create and develop opportunities for organic growth of existing business. People Management:  Lead and motivate supervised staff to fulfil their potential and assume responsibility and accountability appropriate to their position.  Make recommendations to the Management Team regarding staff development and account resourcing respectively. Professional Relations:  Responsible for key contact with opinion leaders (medical/media and industry).  Identify opportunities to build opinion leader database and develop additional activity.  Maintain market intelligence by monitoring opinion leader opinions on external/product/ competitive client issues. Media Relations:  Develop and maintain good understanding of UK and international/European media.  Develop relationships with key editors/producers responsible for UK and/or international/European media outreach Knowledge Skill and Abilities:  Life science or communications degree  Be a seasoned Account Manager or recently appointed Account Director with experience of ethical pharmaceutical public relations either in an agency or clientside  Be experienced in developing and leading projects and programmes within global or panEuropean communications for prescription medicines, medical devices or diagnostic products at any stage of the lifecycle, as well as implementing international disease awareness campaigns.  Have a good track record in thinking strategically and delivering creativity and innovation for your clients  Have the ability to lead teams, directly handle client relationships from pitch to business, and run project and programmes working with senior team members and with some level of autonomy Package: An excellent package will be offered; for more information please call Jon Gawley on **** ****" "['talented', 'highly', 'creative', 'account', 'director', 'healthcare', 'pr', 'london', 'ground', 'breaking', 'fully', 'integrated', 'global', 'campaigns', 'account', 'direction', 'assist', 'developing', 'strategic', 'programme', 'programme', 'activity', 'budget', 'direct', 'account', 'activity', 'tactical', 'programme', 'developed', 'implemented', 'standards', 'objectives', 'abreast', 'external', 'issues', 'events', 'regularly', 'review', 'impact', 'programmes', 'objectives', 'aware', 'responsible', 'status', 'accounts', 'designated', 'responsibility', 'times', 'responsibility', 'negotiating', 'establishing', 'arrangements', 'consultation', 'finance', 'department', 'liaison', 'contribute', 'marketing', 'strategy', 'maintain', 'regular', 'contact', 'account', 'direction', 'staffing', 'issues', 'establish', 'maintain', 'consultant', 'adviser', 'responsible', 'ensuring', 'account', 'issues', 'regularly', 'monitored', 'proactive', 'issues', 'programme', 'developed', 'assist', 'driving', 'developing', 'accordance', 'direction', 'unit', 'managing', 'director', 'create', 'develop', 'opportunities', 'organic', 'growth', 'existing', 'people', 'lead', 'motivate', 'supervised', 'fulfil', 'potential', 'assume', 'responsibility', 'accountability', 'make', 'recommendations', 'account', 'resourcing', 'professional', 'relations', 'responsible', 'key', 'contact', 'opinion', 'leaders', 'medical', 'media', 'industry', 'identify', 'opportunities', 'build', 'opinion', 'leader', 'database', 'develop', 'additional', 'activity', 'maintain', 'market', 'intelligence', 'monitoring', 'opinion', 'leader', 'opinions', 'external', 'product', 'competitive', 'issues', 'media', 'relations', 'develop', 'maintain', 'understanding', 'international', 'european', 'media', 'develop', 'relationships', 'key', 'editors', 'responsible', 'international', 'european', 'media', 'outreach', 'skill', 'abilities', 'life', 'science', 'communications', 'degree', 'account', 'recently', 'appointed', 'account', 'director', 'ethical', 'pharmaceutical', 'public', 'relations', 'agency', 'experienced', 'developing', 'projects', 'programmes', 'global', 'communications', 'prescription', 'medicines', 'medical', 'devices', 'diagnostic', 'products', 'stage', 'lifecycle', 'implementing', 'international', 'disease', 'awareness', 'campaigns', 'track', 'record', 'thinking', 'strategically', 'delivering', 'creativity', 'innovation', 'lead', 'teams', 'directly', 'handle', 'relationships', 'run', 'project', 'programmes', 'senior', 'members', 'level', 'autonomy', 'package', 'package', 'offered', 'information', 'call', 'jon']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Electrical Maintenance Engineer
Webindex: 71856853
Company: Probe Technical Recruitment
Description: Job Tittle: Electrical Maintenance Engineer  Distribution Site Location: Rugby / Daventry Area ****k  **** hour Days and Nights We are looking for Multi skilled Electrical bias Maintenance Engineers within our clients distributions site On site they have the following equipment Destamat automated storage and retrieval cranes (pallets) Pallet conveyor, lift table, elevators, Sortec mechanical tilt tray sorters Many Miles of belt on roller conveyors. You also Must be prepared to work on facility maintenance and dock doors, levellers, scissor lifts, etc. Ideally you will have experience of Siemens S**** PLC s and high bay cranes. **** hour Night and day shift pattern , two weekends per month, 22 days holiday salary circa ****k. Electrical Maintenance Engineer YOU MUST HAVE EXPERIENCE OF MAINTENANCE WITHIN A DISTRUBUTIONS SITE" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00202.txt " Electrical Maintenance Engineer" " 71856853" " Probe Technical Recruitment" " Job Tittle: Electrical Maintenance Engineer  Distribution Site Location: Rugby / Daventry Area ****k  **** hour Days and Nights We are looking for Multi skilled Electrical bias Maintenance Engineers within our clients distributions site On site they have the following equipment Destamat automated storage and retrieval cranes (pallets) Pallet conveyor, lift table, elevators, Sortec mechanical tilt tray sorters Many Miles of belt on roller conveyors. You also Must be prepared to work on facility maintenance and dock doors, levellers, scissor lifts, etc. Ideally you will have experience of Siemens S**** PLC s and high bay cranes. **** hour Night and day shift pattern , two weekends per month, 22 days holiday salary circa ****k. Electrical Maintenance Engineer YOU MUST HAVE EXPERIENCE OF MAINTENANCE WITHIN A DISTRUBUTIONS SITE" "['electrical', 'maintenance', 'distribution', 'site', 'location', 'rugby', 'daventry', 'area', 'hour', 'days', 'nights', 'multi', 'skilled', 'electrical', 'bias', 'maintenance', 'engineers', 'site', 'site', 'equipment', 'automated', 'storage', 'retrieval', 'cranes', 'pallet', 'conveyor', 'lift', 'table', 'mechanical', 'miles', 'belt', 'conveyors', 'prepared', 'facility', 'maintenance', 'doors', 'lifts', 'ideally', 'siemens', 'plc', 'cranes', 'hour', 'night', 'day', 'shift', 'pattern', 'weekends', 'month', 'days', 'holiday', 'circa', 'electrical', 'maintenance', 'maintenance', 'site']" Engineering
"Title: Assistant Site Manager(Residential)
Webindex: 72485752
Company: Fusion People Ltd
Description: Award winning Residential Developer with a strong emphasis on customer satisfaction has a requirement for Assistant Site Managers to cover the Northamptonshire areas. Responsible for assisting the Site Manager with overall site delivery and dealing with operational issues, including various site teams, specifically reporting to and supporting the designated Site Manager Assist with the development of specific build program. Assist with the completion of weekly management reports detailing progress against planned objectives. Monitor progress against site build program. Produce, in conjunction with the site manager, trade specific weekly programs. Assist Customers with any snagging/defects that may be required. Liaise with the NHBC and Local Authorities, assisting with inspections when necessary. Ideally a strong track as an Assistant Site Manager with a recognised Residential Developer and a stable career history. Interested candidates should apply to:  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00205.txt " Assistant Site Manager(Residential)" " 72485752" " Fusion People Ltd" " Award winning Residential Developer with a strong emphasis on customer satisfaction has a requirement for Assistant Site Managers to cover the Northamptonshire areas. Responsible for assisting the Site Manager with overall site delivery and dealing with operational issues, including various site teams, specifically reporting to and supporting the designated Site Manager Assist with the development of specific build program. Assist with the completion of weekly management reports detailing progress against planned objectives. Monitor progress against site build program. Produce, in conjunction with the site manager, trade specific weekly programs. Assist Customers with any snagging/defects that may be required. Liaise with the NHBC and Local Authorities, assisting with inspections when necessary. Ideally a strong track as an Assistant Site Manager with a recognised Residential Developer and a stable career history. Interested candidates should apply to:  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business." "['award', 'winning', 'residential', 'developer', 'emphasis', 'satisfaction', 'requirement', 'assistant', 'site', 'managers', 'cover', 'northamptonshire', 'areas', 'responsible', 'assisting', 'site', 'site', 'delivery', 'dealing', 'operational', 'issues', 'site', 'teams', 'specifically', 'reporting', 'supporting', 'designated', 'site', 'assist', 'specific', 'build', 'program', 'assist', 'completion', 'weekly', 'reports', 'detailing', 'progress', 'planned', 'objectives', 'monitor', 'progress', 'site', 'build', 'program', 'produce', 'conjunction', 'site', 'trade', 'specific', 'weekly', 'programs', 'assist', 'customers', 'defects', 'liaise', 'local', 'authorities', 'assisting', 'inspections', 'ideally', 'track', 'assistant', 'site', 'recognised', 'residential', 'developer', 'stable', 'career', 'history', 'interested', 'candidates', 'fusion', 'people', 'committed', 'promoting', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'people', 'age', 'gender', 'religion', 'belief', 'race', 'sexuality', 'disability', 'operate', 'employment', 'agency', 'employment']" Engineering
"Title: Commercial Finance Analyst
Webindex: 70255258
Company: Axon Resourcing Ltd
Description: A newly created role for a commercial finance analyst has been created for a market leading employer located in Coventry. Reporting into the divisional head of finance, you will form part of a team analysing and reporting on a key revenue stream for the business. This will include corporate month end, quarter end, year end financial sales and margin reporting. Further, you will head line retail performance and market growth against budget identifying where anomalies arise and providing commentary to explain these variances. This is a key role for the business and one that is highly visible offering unrivalled exposure to key stakeholders within the business. Ideally, you will be a qualified accountant or late stage studier and be able to demonstrate an analytical career to date. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommercialFinanceAnalyst_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00372.txt " Commercial Finance Analyst" " 70255258" " Axon Resourcing Ltd" " A newly created role for a commercial finance analyst has been created for a market leading employer located in Coventry. Reporting into the divisional head of finance, you will form part of a team analysing and reporting on a key revenue stream for the business. This will include corporate month end, quarter end, year end financial sales and margin reporting. Further, you will head line retail performance and market growth against budget identifying where anomalies arise and providing commentary to explain these variances. This is a key role for the business and one that is highly visible offering unrivalled exposure to key stakeholders within the business. Ideally, you will be a qualified accountant or late stage studier and be able to demonstrate an analytical career to date. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommercialFinanceAnalyst_job****" "['newly', 'created', 'commercial', 'finance', 'analyst', 'created', 'market', 'employer', 'located', 'coventry', 'reporting', 'divisional', 'head', 'finance', 'form', 'part', 'analysing', 'reporting', 'key', 'revenue', 'stream', 'include', 'corporate', 'month', 'end', 'quarter', 'end', 'year', 'end', 'margin', 'reporting', 'head', 'line', 'retail', 'performance', 'market', 'growth', 'budget', 'identifying', 'anomalies', 'arise', 'providing', 'commentary', 'explain', 'variances', 'key', 'highly', 'visible', 'offering', 'unrivalled', 'exposure', 'key', 'stakeholders', 'ideally', 'qualified', 'accountant', 'late', 'stage', 'demonstrate', 'analytical', 'career', 'date', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Welder
Webindex: 68700091
Company: Avenue Scotland
Description: The successful candidate must be able to MIG TIG Weld Carbon Stainless Steel. Previous experience is essential. The position may go Perm. PLEASE NOTE  CANDIDATES MUST HAVE CURRENT CODING'S This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/Welder_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00125.txt " Welder" " 68700091" " Avenue Scotland" " The successful candidate must be able to MIG TIG Weld Carbon Stainless Steel. Previous experience is essential. The position may go Perm. PLEASE NOTE  CANDIDATES MUST HAVE CURRENT CODING'S This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/Welder_job****" "['mig', 'tig', 'weld', 'carbon', 'stainless', 'steel', 'previous', 'essential', 'perm', 'note', 'candidates', 'current', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking', 'welder']" Engineering
"Title: Sales Administrator
Webindex: 69600219
Company: Additional Resource
Description: An experienced Sales Administrator with great Customer Service skills looking for a fresh challenge in 2013 will find this role, working in an international team, really appealing. From order processing to scheduling engineers, preparing tender documents and contracts and keeping an eye on inventory and stock availability, this role in an impressive Sales Administration team offers huge variety. As a Sales Administrator for this impressive business, you will work as part of a team of talent Customer Service professionals who know how to ensure the customer gets what is ordered, at the right price, on time and to specification. Equally you will be given projects to get stuck into supporting the central sales and marketing function and this can be anything from arranging for marketing materials to be sent through to producing reports. If you find your current role in Sales Administration a little routine and would enjoy a more rounded and interesting Customer Service job, look no further. Applications for this role are managed through Additional Resource Ltd  The East Midlands Sales, Marketing and Customer Service Recruitment Specialist This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesAdministrator_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00768.txt " Sales Administrator" " 69600219" " Additional Resource" " An experienced Sales Administrator with great Customer Service skills looking for a fresh challenge in 2013 will find this role, working in an international team, really appealing. From order processing to scheduling engineers, preparing tender documents and contracts and keeping an eye on inventory and stock availability, this role in an impressive Sales Administration team offers huge variety. As a Sales Administrator for this impressive business, you will work as part of a team of talent Customer Service professionals who know how to ensure the customer gets what is ordered, at the right price, on time and to specification. Equally you will be given projects to get stuck into supporting the central sales and marketing function and this can be anything from arranging for marketing materials to be sent through to producing reports. If you find your current role in Sales Administration a little routine and would enjoy a more rounded and interesting Customer Service job, look no further. Applications for this role are managed through Additional Resource Ltd  The East Midlands Sales, Marketing and Customer Service Recruitment Specialist This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesAdministrator_job****" "['experienced', 'administrator', 'great', 'fresh', 'challenge', 'find', 'international', 'order', 'processing', 'scheduling', 'engineers', 'preparing', 'tender', 'documents', 'contracts', 'keeping', 'eye', 'inventory', 'stock', 'availability', 'impressive', 'administration', 'offers', 'huge', 'variety', 'administrator', 'impressive', 'part', 'talent', 'professionals', 'price', 'time', 'specification', 'equally', 'projects', 'supporting', 'central', 'marketing', 'function', 'arranging', 'marketing', 'materials', 'producing', 'reports', 'find', 'current', 'administration', 'routine', 'enjoy', 'rounded', 'interesting', 'applications', 'managed', 'additional', 'resource', 'east', 'midlands', 'marketing', 'specialist', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Financial Controller  FD Designate
Webindex: 71393735
Company: MRK Associates Ltd
Description: Based in Hitchin, Hertfordshire, our specialist manufacturing client is looking for a Qualified accountant to join them as Financial Controller (with a defined career path to become VP Finance in c.3 years’ time). This job would suit a confident and ambitious individual who is looking to lead a finance function, reporting to the VP Finance based in the Group Head Office with a dotted line to the Managing Director on site. Running a team of 3, the role will be responsible for the ultimate production of the monthly, quarterly and annual accounts as well as the commercial decision making support for the operational senior management team. The company is a major player in its specialist market supplying industries that are core to everyday life so a consistent level of business is guaranteed. The business is ultimately owned by a US parent and recent changes in the UK have resulted in a renewed drive to push the business forward. A new Managing Director and some other additions into the senior management team have been an illustration of this. This position will be a new hire directly influencing this strategy. The job is split ****:**** in its focus. It will manage a small finance function and will be involved at month end in the production of the final management pack whilst, equally, looking at the commercial areas of the business and driving improvements to increase profitability. These will be both focusing on revenue generation and operational cost control, overhead improvement, labour cost review, operational process review. The individual will be ACCA, CIMA or ACA Qualified ideally with experience within a product lead business – ideally similar to manufacturing, distribution, engineering, FMCG or Packaging. An ambitious and progressive attitude is imperative for this job as influencing and driving change will be some of the main short term objectives whilst running the 120M Group as VP Finance will be the longer term aim. Duties will include: •Management of the finance function in the timely and accurate delivery of monthly financial and management accounts •Supporting the Senior and Commercial management teams; performing regular reviews monitoring performance again budget and forecast, providing financial planning, analysis and reporting for decision making •Working with Operations Director to analyse, understand, improve and implement cost efficient processes •Working with Commercial Director on bids/ tenders/ contracts to price new business, renew existing contracts and improve terms. •Managing the group and local treasury function, including liaising with banks and managing risk exposure •Production of statutory accounts, coordinate SOX compliance review, manage internal and external audits •Management and motivation of the finance team This is an excellent job for an ambitious qualified accountant, who has experienced both financial control and reporting whilst being involved with commercial decision support, to move into a new role that will open up the path to Finance Director. For more information about this role or any other Financial Controller jobs in Hertfordshire, please contact me in confidence. Every application will receive a response as this is the recognised working practice at MRK Associates" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00359.txt " Financial Controller  FD Designate" " 71393735" " MRK Associates Ltd" " Based in Hitchin, Hertfordshire, our specialist manufacturing client is looking for a Qualified accountant to join them as Financial Controller (with a defined career path to become VP Finance in c.3 years’ time). This job would suit a confident and ambitious individual who is looking to lead a finance function, reporting to the VP Finance based in the Group Head Office with a dotted line to the Managing Director on site. Running a team of 3, the role will be responsible for the ultimate production of the monthly, quarterly and annual accounts as well as the commercial decision making support for the operational senior management team. The company is a major player in its specialist market supplying industries that are core to everyday life so a consistent level of business is guaranteed. The business is ultimately owned by a US parent and recent changes in the UK have resulted in a renewed drive to push the business forward. A new Managing Director and some other additions into the senior management team have been an illustration of this. This position will be a new hire directly influencing this strategy. The job is split ****:**** in its focus. It will manage a small finance function and will be involved at month end in the production of the final management pack whilst, equally, looking at the commercial areas of the business and driving improvements to increase profitability. These will be both focusing on revenue generation and operational cost control, overhead improvement, labour cost review, operational process review. The individual will be ACCA, CIMA or ACA Qualified ideally with experience within a product lead business – ideally similar to manufacturing, distribution, engineering, FMCG or Packaging. An ambitious and progressive attitude is imperative for this job as influencing and driving change will be some of the main short term objectives whilst running the 120M Group as VP Finance will be the longer term aim. Duties will include: •Management of the finance function in the timely and accurate delivery of monthly financial and management accounts •Supporting the Senior and Commercial management teams; performing regular reviews monitoring performance again budget and forecast, providing financial planning, analysis and reporting for decision making •Working with Operations Director to analyse, understand, improve and implement cost efficient processes •Working with Commercial Director on bids/ tenders/ contracts to price new business, renew existing contracts and improve terms. •Managing the group and local treasury function, including liaising with banks and managing risk exposure •Production of statutory accounts, coordinate SOX compliance review, manage internal and external audits •Management and motivation of the finance team This is an excellent job for an ambitious qualified accountant, who has experienced both financial control and reporting whilst being involved with commercial decision support, to move into a new role that will open up the path to Finance Director. For more information about this role or any other Financial Controller jobs in Hertfordshire, please contact me in confidence. Every application will receive a response as this is the recognised working practice at MRK Associates" "['hitchin', 'hertfordshire', 'specialist', 'manufacturing', 'qualified', 'accountant', 'controller', 'defined', 'career', 'path', 'vp', 'finance', 'years', 'time', 'suit', 'confident', 'ambitious', 'individual', 'lead', 'finance', 'function', 'reporting', 'vp', 'finance', 'group', 'head', 'office', 'line', 'managing', 'director', 'site', 'running', 'responsible', 'ultimate', 'production', 'monthly', 'quarterly', 'annual', 'accounts', 'commercial', 'decision', 'making', 'operational', 'senior', 'major', 'player', 'specialist', 'market', 'supplying', 'industries', 'core', 'everyday', 'life', 'consistent', 'level', 'guaranteed', 'ultimately', 'owned', 'parent', 'recent', 'drive', 'push', 'forward', 'managing', 'director', 'additions', 'senior', 'hire', 'directly', 'influencing', 'strategy', 'split', 'focus', 'manage', 'small', 'finance', 'function', 'involved', 'month', 'end', 'production', 'final', 'pack', 'whilst', 'equally', 'commercial', 'areas', 'driving', 'improvements', 'increase', 'profitability', 'focusing', 'revenue', 'generation', 'operational', 'cost', 'control', 'overhead', 'improvement', 'labour', 'cost', 'review', 'operational', 'process', 'review', 'individual', 'acca', 'cima', 'aca', 'qualified', 'ideally', 'product', 'lead', 'ideally', 'similar', 'manufacturing', 'distribution', 'fmcg', 'packaging', 'ambitious', 'progressive', 'attitude', 'imperative', 'influencing', 'driving', 'change', 'main', 'short', 'term', 'objectives', 'whilst', 'running', 'group', 'vp', 'finance', 'longer', 'term', 'aim', 'duties', 'include', 'finance', 'function', 'timely', 'accurate', 'delivery', 'monthly', 'accounts', 'supporting', 'senior', 'commercial', 'teams', 'performing', 'regular', 'reviews', 'monitoring', 'performance', 'budget', 'forecast', 'providing', 'planning', 'analysis', 'reporting', 'decision', 'making', 'operations', 'director', 'analyse', 'understand', 'improve', 'implement', 'cost', 'efficient', 'processes', 'commercial', 'director', 'bids', 'tenders', 'contracts', 'price', 'existing', 'contracts', 'improve', 'terms', 'managing', 'group', 'local', 'treasury', 'function', 'liaising', 'banks', 'managing', 'risk', 'exposure', 'production', 'statutory', 'accounts', 'coordinate', 'sox', 'compliance', 'review', 'manage', 'internal', 'external', 'audits', 'motivation', 'finance', 'ambitious', 'qualified', 'accountant', 'experienced', 'control', 'reporting', 'whilst', 'involved', 'commercial', 'decision', 'move', 'open', 'path', 'finance', 'director', 'information', 'controller', 'jobs', 'hertfordshire', 'contact', 'confidence', 'application', 'receive', 'response', 'recognised', 'practice', 'associates']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Associate Quantity Surveyor  Residential
Webindex: 72662930
Company: Cobalt Recruitment
Description: Associate Quantity Surveyor  Residential A UK based cost consultancy with operations across UK and Europe is currently looking for a top level Associate Quantity Surveyor to be based in their head office in London where they will take charge of their residential quantity surveying team. You will be reporting to the Partner who leads the business unit and will be working across, high end residential and large scale residential developments and mix use. Key Responsibilities: Leading the cost management teams on major projects, client liaison, client presentations and fee proposals for cost management services. Leading cost and commercial management assignments including preparation of cost estimates based upon varying levels of design documentation. Preparing budgets, orders of magnitude estimates and detailed cost plans at all stages of refurbishment and new build projects. Providing cost advice to clients generally. Attending client and project meetings. Preparing tender and contract documentation. Doing business development and helping promote the business at the highest standard. Managing and developing team, including mentoring to RICS chartership. To be considered: Relevant Quantity Surveying degree or equivalent. MRICS or FRICS. Previous experience of working on projects across high end residential and/or large scale developments. Prior team leader or management experience. History of delivering workload in a timely manner. Detail focused and good at time management Previous business development experience. Excellent verbal and written communication skills This position offers a strong salary with good benefits as well as a forwardthinking and friendly work environment. Apply online or if you require more information on the role, contact Matt Donnelly at mdonnellycobaltrecruitment.com or call **** **** ****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00041.txt " Associate Quantity Surveyor  Residential" " 72662930" " Cobalt Recruitment" " Associate Quantity Surveyor  Residential A UK based cost consultancy with operations across UK and Europe is currently looking for a top level Associate Quantity Surveyor to be based in their head office in London where they will take charge of their residential quantity surveying team. You will be reporting to the Partner who leads the business unit and will be working across, high end residential and large scale residential developments and mix use. Key Responsibilities: Leading the cost management teams on major projects, client liaison, client presentations and fee proposals for cost management services. Leading cost and commercial management assignments including preparation of cost estimates based upon varying levels of design documentation. Preparing budgets, orders of magnitude estimates and detailed cost plans at all stages of refurbishment and new build projects. Providing cost advice to clients generally. Attending client and project meetings. Preparing tender and contract documentation. Doing business development and helping promote the business at the highest standard. Managing and developing team, including mentoring to RICS chartership. To be considered: Relevant Quantity Surveying degree or equivalent. MRICS or FRICS. Previous experience of working on projects across high end residential and/or large scale developments. Prior team leader or management experience. History of delivering workload in a timely manner. Detail focused and good at time management Previous business development experience. Excellent verbal and written communication skills This position offers a strong salary with good benefits as well as a forwardthinking and friendly work environment. Apply online or if you require more information on the role, contact Matt Donnelly at mdonnellycobaltrecruitment.com or call **** **** ****" "['associate', 'quantity', 'surveyor', 'residential', 'cost', 'consultancy', 'operations', 'europe', 'top', 'level', 'associate', 'quantity', 'surveyor', 'head', 'office', 'london', 'charge', 'residential', 'quantity', 'surveying', 'reporting', 'partner', 'leads', 'unit', 'end', 'residential', 'large', 'scale', 'residential', 'developments', 'mix', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'cost', 'teams', 'major', 'projects', 'liaison', 'presentations', 'fee', 'proposals', 'cost', 'cost', 'commercial', 'assignments', 'preparation', 'cost', 'estimates', 'varying', 'levels', 'documentation', 'preparing', 'budgets', 'orders', 'estimates', 'detailed', 'cost', 'plans', 'stages', 'refurbishment', 'build', 'projects', 'providing', 'cost', 'advice', 'generally', 'attending', 'project', 'meetings', 'preparing', 'tender', 'contract', 'documentation', 'helping', 'promote', 'highest', 'standard', 'managing', 'developing', 'mentoring', 'rics', 'chartership', 'considered', 'relevant', 'quantity', 'surveying', 'degree', 'equivalent', 'previous', 'projects', 'end', 'residential', 'large', 'scale', 'developments', 'prior', 'leader', 'history', 'delivering', 'workload', 'timely', 'manner', 'detail', 'focused', 'time', 'previous', 'verbal', 'written', 'communication', 'offers', 'benefits', 'forwardthinking', 'friendly', 'environment', 'online', 'require', 'information', 'contact', 'matt', 'call']" Engineering
"Title: MultiSkilled Maintenance Engineer  Leading manufacturing Group
Webindex: 71902193
Company: ETS Consulting
Description: (Continental Shift Pattern 2 nights/ 2days, 4 off) Based within a highly regarded manufacturing group of companies our client is a highly profitable and robust company looking to further strengthen their maintenance team. The candidate will be responsible for maintaining and improving manufacturing equipment and services to provide stable manufacturing processes. You will also be responsible for monitoring and adjusting process parameters where required in accordance with TPM procedures to identify root causes for equipment failures and implement robust countermeasures by applying technical and process capable methods that are repeatable on a consistent basis. The successful candidate will have a true multiskilled background with electrical and hydraulics background including PLC Faultfinding (Siemens S**** & S****), ABB Robotics programming, blow moulding process and Plastic welding experience. This is an unrivalled opportunity to join a market leading manufacturer within the automotive sector that will provide you with ongoing development and the ability to take on more technically challenging work as you desire. If you are interested in this role please send a copy of your current CV using the details provided, interviews will be held locally and the company are looking to recruit this role as soon as possible. ETS Consulting Ltd  Recruitment specialists with specific areas of expertise in the manufacturing, technical and engineering market place. This live vacancy is being managed by ETS Consulting Limited who are Recruitment specialists with specific areas of expertise in the manufacturing, technical and engineering market place. ETS Consulting Limited act as an employment business and employment agency and are registered in England and Wales as ETS Consulting Limited, registered no **** Registered office addresses **** Broad Street, Salford, M6 ****BY. If one of our consultants contacts you in relation to this role, please be aware that as part of our registration process you will be required to provide ETS Consulting with proof of your identity along with proof of your eligibility to work in the United Kingdom" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00190.txt " MultiSkilled Maintenance Engineer  Leading manufacturing Group" " 71902193" " ETS Consulting" " (Continental Shift Pattern 2 nights/ 2days, 4 off) Based within a highly regarded manufacturing group of companies our client is a highly profitable and robust company looking to further strengthen their maintenance team. The candidate will be responsible for maintaining and improving manufacturing equipment and services to provide stable manufacturing processes. You will also be responsible for monitoring and adjusting process parameters where required in accordance with TPM procedures to identify root causes for equipment failures and implement robust countermeasures by applying technical and process capable methods that are repeatable on a consistent basis. The successful candidate will have a true multiskilled background with electrical and hydraulics background including PLC Faultfinding (Siemens S**** & S****), ABB Robotics programming, blow moulding process and Plastic welding experience. This is an unrivalled opportunity to join a market leading manufacturer within the automotive sector that will provide you with ongoing development and the ability to take on more technically challenging work as you desire. If you are interested in this role please send a copy of your current CV using the details provided, interviews will be held locally and the company are looking to recruit this role as soon as possible. ETS Consulting Ltd  Recruitment specialists with specific areas of expertise in the manufacturing, technical and engineering market place. This live vacancy is being managed by ETS Consulting Limited who are Recruitment specialists with specific areas of expertise in the manufacturing, technical and engineering market place. ETS Consulting Limited act as an employment business and employment agency and are registered in England and Wales as ETS Consulting Limited, registered no **** Registered office addresses **** Broad Street, Salford, M6 ****BY. If one of our consultants contacts you in relation to this role, please be aware that as part of our registration process you will be required to provide ETS Consulting with proof of your identity along with proof of your eligibility to work in the United Kingdom" "['continental', 'shift', 'pattern', 'nights', 'days', 'highly', 'regarded', 'manufacturing', 'group', 'companies', 'highly', 'profitable', 'robust', 'strengthen', 'maintenance', 'responsible', 'maintaining', 'improving', 'manufacturing', 'equipment', 'stable', 'manufacturing', 'processes', 'responsible', 'monitoring', 'adjusting', 'process', 'parameters', 'accordance', 'tpm', 'procedures', 'identify', 'root', 'equipment', 'failures', 'implement', 'robust', 'applying', 'technical', 'process', 'capable', 'methods', 'consistent', 'basis', 'true', 'multiskilled', 'background', 'electrical', 'hydraulics', 'background', 'plc', 'faultfinding', 'siemens', 'abb', 'robotics', 'programming', 'moulding', 'process', 'plastic', 'welding', 'unrivalled', 'market', 'manufacturer', 'automotive', 'sector', 'ongoing', 'technically', 'challenging', 'desire', 'interested', 'send', 'copy', 'current', 'cv', 'details', 'provided', 'interviews', 'held', 'locally', 'recruit', 'ets', 'consulting', 'specialists', 'specific', 'areas', 'expertise', 'manufacturing', 'technical', 'market', 'place', 'live', 'vacancy', 'managed', 'ets', 'consulting', 'limited', 'specialists', 'specific', 'areas', 'expertise', 'manufacturing', 'technical', 'market', 'place', 'ets', 'consulting', 'limited', 'act', 'employment', 'employment', 'agency', 'registered', 'england', 'wales', 'ets', 'consulting', 'limited', 'registered', 'registered', 'office', 'addresses', 'broad', 'street', 'salford', 'consultants', 'contacts', 'relation', 'aware', 'part', 'registration', 'process', 'ets', 'consulting', 'proof', 'identity', 'proof', 'eligibility', 'united', 'kingdom']" Engineering
"Title: Trainee Field Sales Executive
Webindex: 70190910
Description: TRAINEE FIELD SALES EXECUTIVE (Must be Manchester based)****k Basic ****k OTE Uncapped  Car Allowance/Company Car  Laptop  Mobile PhoneAs a Field Sales Executive you will be responsible for generating new business through outbound calling and prospecting whilst managing the full sales cycle and meeting clients face to face. My client is looking for a strong telesales candidate who would like the opportunity to move into Field salesYOU MUST HAVE A PROVEN AND SUCCESSFUL TRACK RECORD SELLING OVER THE PHONEYour duties will include: Developing leads through available resources and independent research Analysing client needs and understand their current business objectives Recommend appropriate solutions within the company portfolio of products Provide a consultative approach Provide a consultative sales experience, emphasising the unique value Consistently meet/exceed sales goals on a monthly basis Meeting clients face to face and presenting a solution Work independently, reporting directly to the Uk Sales ManagerTo be considered for this position, you must have a minimum of 12 years previous business to business sales experience ideally within media, digital media or internet selling. You will also need strong communication skills, along with a successful track record in selling to SME's & Corporates. Knowledge of Internet Marketing is an advantage, along with knowledge of Media.Strong proven telesales people also consideredAdditional Skills: Strong business acumen Tenacious  High level selling with a consultative approach Hunger to learnIf you are interested in the position please send your CV to Edwardsrlsales.comDue to high volumes of applications, we are unfortunately unable to contact all candidates individually so if you have not heard back within one week then your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion." 3 data/Sales\Job_00720.txt " Trainee Field Sales Executive" " 70190910"  " TRAINEE FIELD SALES EXECUTIVE (Must be Manchester based)****k Basic ****k OTE Uncapped  Car Allowance/Company Car  Laptop  Mobile PhoneAs a Field Sales Executive you will be responsible for generating new business through outbound calling and prospecting whilst managing the full sales cycle and meeting clients face to face. My client is looking for a strong telesales candidate who would like the opportunity to move into Field salesYOU MUST HAVE A PROVEN AND SUCCESSFUL TRACK RECORD SELLING OVER THE PHONEYour duties will include: Developing leads through available resources and independent research Analysing client needs and understand their current business objectives Recommend appropriate solutions within the company portfolio of products Provide a consultative approach Provide a consultative sales experience, emphasising the unique value Consistently meet/exceed sales goals on a monthly basis Meeting clients face to face and presenting a solution Work independently, reporting directly to the Uk Sales ManagerTo be considered for this position, you must have a minimum of 12 years previous business to business sales experience ideally within media, digital media or internet selling. You will also need strong communication skills, along with a successful track record in selling to SME's & Corporates. Knowledge of Internet Marketing is an advantage, along with knowledge of Media.Strong proven telesales people also consideredAdditional Skills: Strong business acumen Tenacious  High level selling with a consultative approach Hunger to learnIf you are interested in the position please send your CV to Edwardsrlsales.comDue to high volumes of applications, we are unfortunately unable to contact all candidates individually so if you have not heard back within one week then your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion." "['trainee', 'field', 'executive', 'manchester', 'basic', 'ote', 'uncapped', 'car', 'allowance', 'car', 'laptop', 'mobile', 'field', 'executive', 'responsible', 'generating', 'outbound', 'calling', 'prospecting', 'whilst', 'managing', 'cycle', 'meeting', 'face', 'face', 'telesales', 'move', 'field', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'selling', 'duties', 'include', 'developing', 'leads', 'resources', 'independent', 'research', 'analysing', 'understand', 'current', 'objectives', 'recommend', 'solutions', 'portfolio', 'products', 'consultative', 'approach', 'consultative', 'unique', 'consistently', 'meet', 'exceed', 'goals', 'monthly', 'basis', 'meeting', 'face', 'face', 'presenting', 'solution', 'independently', 'reporting', 'directly', 'considered', 'minimum', 'years', 'previous', 'ideally', 'media', 'digital', 'media', 'internet', 'selling', 'communication', 'track', 'record', 'selling', ""sme's"", 'internet', 'marketing', 'advantage', 'media', 'proven', 'telesales', 'people', 'acumen', 'tenacious', 'level', 'selling', 'consultative', 'approach', 'hunger', 'interested', 'send', 'cv', 'edwardsrlsales', 'volumes', 'applications', 'unable', 'contact', 'candidates', 'individually', 'heard', 'back', 'week', 'application', 'unsuccessful', 'occasion']" Sales
"Title: Head of Compliance
Webindex: 68682048
Company: SRGEurope
Description: SRGEurope are recruiting for a Head of Compliance on behalf of a well established Financial Services company based in Berkshire. The company has achieved a record of consistent profitable growth since its formation over ten years ago and its success has been founded on a combination of rigorous attention to the quality of its operational processes including staff management, support systems, case management and adherence to best practice contact and followup processes. The company has ambitious growth plans and has decided to appoint a Head of Compliance to support the Business. This is an excellent opportunity to work as part of a successful team offering the opportunity to progress your skills and work experience. Permanent opportunity Head of Compliance****k ****k  attractive benefits package Please send CVs or call **** **** **** Reporting into the Compliance Director you will be part of the executive management team and will place the compliance function at the heart of the business, embedding a 'Treating Customers Fairly' Culture. You will be responsible for leading the day compliance functions and monitoring to include keeping abreast of all customer credit licensing, regulatory bodies and establishing processes and procedures to monitor and evidence the lending code , call monitoring, complaint handling, dispute resolution and dealing with vulnerable / sensitive cases. To be considered for this role you must have previous experience of working in a senior compliance role within an FSA regulated organisation. Candidate Responsibilities: Management and development of a comprehensive compliance programme to prevent illegal, unethical or improper conduct across the business. Monitor the performance of the compliance programme and take appropriate steps to improve effectiveness. Monitor relevant regulatory developments, update relevant policies and compliance manuals and ensure the implementation of the necessary changes. Act as an independent review body to ensure that compliance issues are evaluated, investigated and resolved. Manage the monitoring process of other functions. Identify potential areas of vulnerability and implement corrective action to resolve issues. Report compliance data to the executive board, senior management and clients when required. Any other duties as deemed reasonable in order to fulfil the requirements of the role and the needs of the business. Candidate Skills Senior Compliance professional with experience in Banking or Financial Services., Demonstrate a high degree of selfconfidence to withstand challenge or criticism. Proven ability in interpreting and applying regulatory and financial guidelines. A track record of promoting and driving change to deliver compliance procedures. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Previous experience of managing a team. Good understanding of how regulations are evolving. Skills: | Banking | Financial Services | Compliance | Lending code | FSA | This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HeadofCompliance_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00376.txt " Head of Compliance" " 68682048" " SRGEurope" " SRGEurope are recruiting for a Head of Compliance on behalf of a well established Financial Services company based in Berkshire. The company has achieved a record of consistent profitable growth since its formation over ten years ago and its success has been founded on a combination of rigorous attention to the quality of its operational processes including staff management, support systems, case management and adherence to best practice contact and followup processes. The company has ambitious growth plans and has decided to appoint a Head of Compliance to support the Business. This is an excellent opportunity to work as part of a successful team offering the opportunity to progress your skills and work experience. Permanent opportunity Head of Compliance****k ****k  attractive benefits package Please send CVs or call **** **** **** Reporting into the Compliance Director you will be part of the executive management team and will place the compliance function at the heart of the business, embedding a 'Treating Customers Fairly' Culture. You will be responsible for leading the day compliance functions and monitoring to include keeping abreast of all customer credit licensing, regulatory bodies and establishing processes and procedures to monitor and evidence the lending code , call monitoring, complaint handling, dispute resolution and dealing with vulnerable / sensitive cases. To be considered for this role you must have previous experience of working in a senior compliance role within an FSA regulated organisation. Candidate Responsibilities: Management and development of a comprehensive compliance programme to prevent illegal, unethical or improper conduct across the business. Monitor the performance of the compliance programme and take appropriate steps to improve effectiveness. Monitor relevant regulatory developments, update relevant policies and compliance manuals and ensure the implementation of the necessary changes. Act as an independent review body to ensure that compliance issues are evaluated, investigated and resolved. Manage the monitoring process of other functions. Identify potential areas of vulnerability and implement corrective action to resolve issues. Report compliance data to the executive board, senior management and clients when required. Any other duties as deemed reasonable in order to fulfil the requirements of the role and the needs of the business. Candidate Skills Senior Compliance professional with experience in Banking or Financial Services., Demonstrate a high degree of selfconfidence to withstand challenge or criticism. Proven ability in interpreting and applying regulatory and financial guidelines. A track record of promoting and driving change to deliver compliance procedures. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Previous experience of managing a team. Good understanding of how regulations are evolving. Skills: | Banking | Financial Services | Compliance | Lending code | FSA | This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HeadofCompliance_job****" "['recruiting', 'head', 'compliance', 'behalf', 'established', 'berkshire', 'achieved', 'record', 'consistent', 'profitable', 'growth', 'ten', 'years', 'ago', 'success', 'founded', 'combination', 'attention', 'quality', 'operational', 'processes', 'case', 'adherence', 'practice', 'contact', 'followup', 'processes', 'ambitious', 'growth', 'plans', 'decided', 'appoint', 'head', 'compliance', 'part', 'offering', 'progress', 'permanent', 'head', 'compliance', 'attractive', 'benefits', 'package', 'send', 'cvs', 'call', 'reporting', 'compliance', 'director', 'part', 'executive', 'place', 'compliance', 'function', 'heart', 'embedding', 'treating', 'customers', 'fairly', 'culture', 'responsible', 'day', 'compliance', 'functions', 'monitoring', 'include', 'keeping', 'abreast', 'credit', 'licensing', 'regulatory', 'bodies', 'establishing', 'processes', 'procedures', 'monitor', 'evidence', 'lending', 'code', 'call', 'monitoring', 'complaint', 'handling', 'dispute', 'resolution', 'dealing', 'vulnerable', 'sensitive', 'cases', 'considered', 'previous', 'senior', 'compliance', 'fsa', 'regulated', 'organisation', 'responsibilities', 'comprehensive', 'compliance', 'programme', 'prevent', 'illegal', 'conduct', 'monitor', 'performance', 'compliance', 'programme', 'steps', 'improve', 'effectiveness', 'monitor', 'relevant', 'regulatory', 'developments', 'update', 'relevant', 'policies', 'compliance', 'manuals', 'implementation', 'act', 'independent', 'review', 'body', 'compliance', 'issues', 'investigated', 'resolved', 'manage', 'monitoring', 'process', 'functions', 'identify', 'potential', 'areas', 'implement', 'corrective', 'action', 'resolve', 'issues', 'report', 'compliance', 'data', 'executive', 'board', 'senior', 'duties', 'deemed', 'reasonable', 'order', 'fulfil', 'requirements', 'senior', 'compliance', 'professional', 'banking', 'demonstrate', 'degree', 'challenge', 'proven', 'interpreting', 'applying', 'regulatory', 'guidelines', 'track', 'record', 'promoting', 'driving', 'change', 'deliver', 'compliance', 'procedures', 'verbal', 'written', 'communication', 'previous', 'managing', 'understanding', 'regulations', 'banking', 'compliance', 'lending', 'code', 'fsa', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Plastic Pipefitter
Webindex: 71314005
Description: Our Client currently require an experienced Plastic Pipefitter for the North Ayrshire area. Duties will involve solvent PVC pipework and fusion weld PP pipework, previous experience working with these types of materials is essential. This work will be workshop based and will run for approximately **** to 6 weeks." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00082.txt " Plastic Pipefitter" " 71314005"  " Our Client currently require an experienced Plastic Pipefitter for the North Ayrshire area. Duties will involve solvent PVC pipework and fusion weld PP pipework, previous experience working with these types of materials is essential. This work will be workshop based and will run for approximately **** to 6 weeks." "['require', 'experienced', 'plastic', 'north', 'area', 'duties', 'involve', 'pipework', 'fusion', 'weld', 'pipework', 'previous', 'types', 'materials', 'essential', 'workshop', 'run', 'approximately', 'weeks']" Engineering
"Title: Bookkeeper and SMT support  SAGE Line **** and Forecasting
Webindex: 70757997
Company: Recruitment Genius
Description: An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Bookkeeper to join a dynamic and rapidly growing Social Enterprise tackling one of the major health challenges of their time. They have developed a range of behaviour change programmes to change children s eating habits for life and prevent obesity. Their award winning programmes are highly effective and unique worldwide. They currently operate throughout the UK and Ireland, and have projects underway in the USA and Italy. The Company now aims is to make these programmes available globally. They are not looking just for an experienced Bookkeeper with associated office support skills to help them ensure their finances stay on track and provide support to their back office and remote team functions. They are also looking for someone who is passionate about children s health and that of their families, who can contribute new ideas to their everevolving suite of programmes as well as working proactively both independently and as part of their team. Responsibilities include:  Preparing their monthly and quarterly P s health and wellbeing. The successful candidate will be subject to an enhanced CRB check. Please note that this role is initially for 12 months. They will consider both part time and full time candidates. Interviews will take place Tuesday 29th January" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00253.txt " Bookkeeper and SMT support  SAGE Line **** and Forecasting" " 70757997" " Recruitment Genius" " An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Bookkeeper to join a dynamic and rapidly growing Social Enterprise tackling one of the major health challenges of their time. They have developed a range of behaviour change programmes to change children s eating habits for life and prevent obesity. Their award winning programmes are highly effective and unique worldwide. They currently operate throughout the UK and Ireland, and have projects underway in the USA and Italy. The Company now aims is to make these programmes available globally. They are not looking just for an experienced Bookkeeper with associated office support skills to help them ensure their finances stay on track and provide support to their back office and remote team functions. They are also looking for someone who is passionate about children s health and that of their families, who can contribute new ideas to their everevolving suite of programmes as well as working proactively both independently and as part of their team. Responsibilities include:  Preparing their monthly and quarterly P s health and wellbeing. The successful candidate will be subject to an enhanced CRB check. Please note that this role is initially for 12 months. They will consider both part time and full time candidates. Interviews will take place Tuesday 29th January" "['exciting', 'arisen', 'bookkeeper', 'dynamic', 'rapidly', 'growing', 'social', 'enterprise', 'major', 'health', 'challenges', 'time', 'developed', 'range', 'behaviour', 'change', 'programmes', 'change', 'children', 'life', 'prevent', 'award', 'winning', 'programmes', 'highly', 'effective', 'unique', 'worldwide', 'operate', 'ireland', 'projects', 'usa', 'italy', 'aims', 'make', 'programmes', 'globally', 'experienced', 'bookkeeper', 'office', 'finances', 'stay', 'track', 'back', 'office', 'remote', 'functions', 'passionate', 'children', 'health', 'families', 'contribute', 'ideas', 'suite', 'programmes', 'proactively', 'independently', 'part', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'preparing', 'monthly', 'quarterly', 'health', 'wellbeing', 'subject', 'enhanced', 'crb', 'check', 'note', 'initially', 'months', 'part', 'time', 'time', 'candidates', 'interviews', 'place', 'tuesday', 'january']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Social Service Occupational Therapist – Lincoln
Webindex: 69568536
Company: About Health Professionals
Description: Social Service Occupational Therapist  Lincoln Our client has a vacancy for a Social Service Occupational Therapist to work in Lincoln. The pay rate for this role is **** per hour (limited company worker). Duties   Assessing for equipment aids.  Conducting community assessments.  Assessing for minor adaptations to patients homes. Requirements  You must have a relevant qualification in Occupational Therapy, be professionally registered in the area you wish to work and be eligible to work in the UK. Candidates applying to work in England must hold a HCPC registration. You must have a minimum of **** year post qualifying experience. Contact  This vacancy is advertised by Glen Curtis, if you are interested in this vacancy please click the link below to apply now." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00617.txt " Social Service Occupational Therapist – Lincoln" " 69568536" " About Health Professionals" " Social Service Occupational Therapist  Lincoln Our client has a vacancy for a Social Service Occupational Therapist to work in Lincoln. The pay rate for this role is **** per hour (limited company worker). Duties   Assessing for equipment aids.  Conducting community assessments.  Assessing for minor adaptations to patients homes. Requirements  You must have a relevant qualification in Occupational Therapy, be professionally registered in the area you wish to work and be eligible to work in the UK. Candidates applying to work in England must hold a HCPC registration. You must have a minimum of **** year post qualifying experience. Contact  This vacancy is advertised by Glen Curtis, if you are interested in this vacancy please click the link below to apply now." "['social', 'occupational', 'therapist', 'lincoln', 'vacancy', 'social', 'occupational', 'therapist', 'lincoln', 'pay', 'rate', 'hour', 'limited', 'worker', 'duties', 'assessing', 'equipment', 'aids', 'conducting', 'community', 'assessments', 'assessing', 'minor', 'patients', 'homes', 'requirements', 'relevant', 'qualification', 'occupational', 'therapy', 'professionally', 'registered', 'area', 'eligible', 'candidates', 'applying', 'england', 'hold', 'hcpc', 'registration', 'minimum', 'year', 'post', 'qualifying', 'contact', 'vacancy', 'advertised', 'glen', 'interested', 'vacancy', 'click', 'link']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: OEM Sales Manager  Americas
Webindex: 68095319
Company: Hays
Description: OEM Export Sales Manager UK Based  North and South America ****  ****  Uncapped Commission  Benefits Our client is a manufacturer, distributor and installer of cash handling equipment to the banking, retail and gaming markets. Specialising in coin/note counters, teller automation systems, ATM's and other selfservice equipment, they offer firstrate products and excellent customer service. This position however will focus on selling components and parts including dispensers, ticket machines, counter mechanisms and tollbooths into Original Equipment Manufacturers across North and South America. With a large portfolio of global accounts, this job will build on these existing relationships with a view to increasing the companies' international reputation. Thanks to expansion, the company now feels it is time to bolster their international sales force. Therefore, our client is currently looking for an Export Sales Manager to look after both South and North America. Working alongside the OEM Sales Director, you will join an existing team of four, but will have extensive responsibility of the before mentioned region. Despite a great deal of support from both the company and the Sales Director, it will be your responsibility to look after your region and manage accounts within; creating and implementing sales strategy at every chance. In addition you will be challenged with looking for new key accounts that could potentially offer lucrative contracts. At times you will be selling into your competitors, so it is important that you can quickly grasp how the market works as well as keeping up to date with their activities. You will use your industry experience or engineering knowledge to pick up new products swiftly as well as offering your customer the best possible solution. To be considered for this exciting new vacancy, experience in selling cash handling equipment or components would be hugely advantageous. Failing this, you should be able to demonstrate a strong sales record in a mechanically/electricallyengineered product. As well as the above, you will be able to show a strong international sales record, preferably into one of the Americas, but this is not vital. If you speak an additional language, especially Spanish, this will put your application at an immediate advantage. You will be confident, calm, collected and demonstrate a professional sales approach. You should be articulate, hard working, ambitious and happy with extensive international travel. If you would like to know more about the role, then please contact Chris Loveridge at Hays on **** **** Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/OEMSalesManagerAmericas_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00695.txt " OEM Sales Manager  Americas" " 68095319" " Hays" " OEM Export Sales Manager UK Based  North and South America ****  ****  Uncapped Commission  Benefits Our client is a manufacturer, distributor and installer of cash handling equipment to the banking, retail and gaming markets. Specialising in coin/note counters, teller automation systems, ATM's and other selfservice equipment, they offer firstrate products and excellent customer service. This position however will focus on selling components and parts including dispensers, ticket machines, counter mechanisms and tollbooths into Original Equipment Manufacturers across North and South America. With a large portfolio of global accounts, this job will build on these existing relationships with a view to increasing the companies' international reputation. Thanks to expansion, the company now feels it is time to bolster their international sales force. Therefore, our client is currently looking for an Export Sales Manager to look after both South and North America. Working alongside the OEM Sales Director, you will join an existing team of four, but will have extensive responsibility of the before mentioned region. Despite a great deal of support from both the company and the Sales Director, it will be your responsibility to look after your region and manage accounts within; creating and implementing sales strategy at every chance. In addition you will be challenged with looking for new key accounts that could potentially offer lucrative contracts. At times you will be selling into your competitors, so it is important that you can quickly grasp how the market works as well as keeping up to date with their activities. You will use your industry experience or engineering knowledge to pick up new products swiftly as well as offering your customer the best possible solution. To be considered for this exciting new vacancy, experience in selling cash handling equipment or components would be hugely advantageous. Failing this, you should be able to demonstrate a strong sales record in a mechanically/electricallyengineered product. As well as the above, you will be able to show a strong international sales record, preferably into one of the Americas, but this is not vital. If you speak an additional language, especially Spanish, this will put your application at an immediate advantage. You will be confident, calm, collected and demonstrate a professional sales approach. You should be articulate, hard working, ambitious and happy with extensive international travel. If you would like to know more about the role, then please contact Chris Loveridge at Hays on **** **** Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/OEMSalesManagerAmericas_job****" "['oem', 'export', 'north', 'south', 'america', 'uncapped', 'commission', 'benefits', 'manufacturer', 'distributor', 'installer', 'cash', 'handling', 'equipment', 'banking', 'retail', 'markets', 'specialising', 'note', 'automation', 'equipment', 'offer', 'products', 'focus', 'selling', 'components', 'parts', 'ticket', 'machines', 'counter', 'mechanisms', 'original', 'equipment', 'manufacturers', 'north', 'south', 'america', 'large', 'portfolio', 'global', 'accounts', 'build', 'existing', 'relationships', 'view', 'increasing', 'companies', 'international', 'reputation', 'expansion', 'feels', 'time', 'international', 'force', 'export', 'south', 'north', 'america', 'alongside', 'oem', 'director', 'existing', 'extensive', 'responsibility', 'mentioned', 'region', 'great', 'deal', 'director', 'responsibility', 'region', 'manage', 'accounts', 'creating', 'implementing', 'strategy', 'chance', 'addition', 'key', 'accounts', 'potentially', 'offer', 'lucrative', 'contracts', 'times', 'selling', 'competitors', 'important', 'quickly', 'grasp', 'market', 'works', 'keeping', 'date', 'activities', 'industry', 'pick', 'products', 'offering', 'solution', 'considered', 'exciting', 'vacancy', 'selling', 'cash', 'handling', 'equipment', 'components', 'hugely', 'advantageous', 'failing', 'demonstrate', 'record', 'mechanically', 'product', 'show', 'international', 'record', 'preferably', 'vital', 'speak', 'additional', 'language', 'spanish', 'put', 'application', 'advantage', 'confident', 'calm', 'collected', 'demonstrate', 'professional', 'approach', 'articulate', 'hard', 'ambitious', 'happy', 'extensive', 'international', 'travel', 'contact', 'chris', 'hays', 'hays', 'specialist', 'limited', 'acts', 'employment', 'agency', 'permanent', 'employment', 'supply', 'temporary', 'workers', 'applying', 'accept', 'privacy', 'policy', 'disclaimers', 'found', 'hays', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Finance Systems Manager
Webindex: 69956980
Company: University Partnerships Programme 
Description: Finance & Systems Manager required to work onsite at Reading University. Excellent opportunity for a fully qualified accountant ideally with experience within the education or facilities management sectors This exciting role based on site at Reading University is an excellent opportunity for a Finance and Systems Manager to work autonomously within a successful team and growing private business. Key responsibilities will include, • Financial management of site operations • Ensuring revenue and operating costs are managed effectively • Ensure robust financial processes and controls are implemented / operated • Responsible for timely and accurate reporting to the University in line with UPP's obligations under the Project Agreement • Act as business partner supporting all financial reporting, budgeting and forecasting • Maintain business systems are fit for purpose • Gather information for P****d purposes • Work with the site management team to set and review rents, monitor and adjust rent payments associated with room transfers, ensure payment schedules are correct, coordinate deposit collection process. Additionally coordinate collection and recording of payments, maintain accurate occupancy records, rent payment information and administration of council tax. We seek applications from qualified accountants (or QBE) with business partnering experience. You will come from an operations background and have excellent systems knowledge. Experience of working within the education or facilities management sectors would be advantageous. You will have excellent interpersonal skills and a track record of building relationships and communicating across a diverse group of cross functional teams & cultures. You will be able to demonstrate where your communication skills have been used to influence change whilst maintaining good levels of motivation from colleagues. Additionally you will be clearly able to demonstrate that you are a inquisitive self starter who is able to motivate yourself to consistently solve problems and ensure tasks are completed. University Partnerships Programme (UPP) is the leading provider of managed university accommodation. Since **** UPP has been working with universities, providing strategic options for residential and academic facilities that support both the immediate and longterm financial objectives of the universities with which UPP work. Building on the success of UPP Residential Services Ltd, they have further diversified their offering to provide a complete asset management service. Where required, this will include academic and support facilities as well as student housing and will be tailored to meet the needs of partners' individual estates. Since **** UPP Residential Services Ltd has worked in partnership with the University of Reading and now provides Facilities Management and Marketing & Allocations Services to over **** rooms, delivered with a team of over **** employees. All third party CVs will be sent to Michael Page. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. All third party applications will be forwarded to Michael Page. Ref Code: MPGW [contact details removed] Z" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00267.txt " Finance Systems Manager" " 69956980" " University Partnerships Programme " " Finance & Systems Manager required to work onsite at Reading University. Excellent opportunity for a fully qualified accountant ideally with experience within the education or facilities management sectors This exciting role based on site at Reading University is an excellent opportunity for a Finance and Systems Manager to work autonomously within a successful team and growing private business. Key responsibilities will include, • Financial management of site operations • Ensuring revenue and operating costs are managed effectively • Ensure robust financial processes and controls are implemented / operated • Responsible for timely and accurate reporting to the University in line with UPP's obligations under the Project Agreement • Act as business partner supporting all financial reporting, budgeting and forecasting • Maintain business systems are fit for purpose • Gather information for P****d purposes • Work with the site management team to set and review rents, monitor and adjust rent payments associated with room transfers, ensure payment schedules are correct, coordinate deposit collection process. Additionally coordinate collection and recording of payments, maintain accurate occupancy records, rent payment information and administration of council tax. We seek applications from qualified accountants (or QBE) with business partnering experience. You will come from an operations background and have excellent systems knowledge. Experience of working within the education or facilities management sectors would be advantageous. You will have excellent interpersonal skills and a track record of building relationships and communicating across a diverse group of cross functional teams & cultures. You will be able to demonstrate where your communication skills have been used to influence change whilst maintaining good levels of motivation from colleagues. Additionally you will be clearly able to demonstrate that you are a inquisitive self starter who is able to motivate yourself to consistently solve problems and ensure tasks are completed. University Partnerships Programme (UPP) is the leading provider of managed university accommodation. Since **** UPP has been working with universities, providing strategic options for residential and academic facilities that support both the immediate and longterm financial objectives of the universities with which UPP work. Building on the success of UPP Residential Services Ltd, they have further diversified their offering to provide a complete asset management service. Where required, this will include academic and support facilities as well as student housing and will be tailored to meet the needs of partners' individual estates. Since **** UPP Residential Services Ltd has worked in partnership with the University of Reading and now provides Facilities Management and Marketing & Allocations Services to over **** rooms, delivered with a team of over **** employees. All third party CVs will be sent to Michael Page. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. All third party applications will be forwarded to Michael Page. Ref Code: MPGW [contact details removed] Z" "['finance', 'onsite', 'reading', 'university', 'fully', 'qualified', 'accountant', 'ideally', 'education', 'facilities', 'sectors', 'exciting', 'site', 'reading', 'university', 'finance', 'autonomously', 'growing', 'private', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'site', 'operations', 'ensuring', 'revenue', 'operating', 'costs', 'managed', 'effectively', 'robust', 'processes', 'controls', 'implemented', 'operated', 'responsible', 'timely', 'accurate', 'reporting', 'university', 'line', 'obligations', 'project', 'agreement', 'act', 'partner', 'supporting', 'reporting', 'budgeting', 'forecasting', 'maintain', 'fit', 'purpose', 'gather', 'information', 'purposes', 'site', 'set', 'review', 'monitor', 'adjust', 'rent', 'payments', 'room', 'transfers', 'payment', 'schedules', 'correct', 'coordinate', 'collection', 'process', 'additionally', 'coordinate', 'collection', 'recording', 'payments', 'maintain', 'accurate', 'occupancy', 'records', 'rent', 'payment', 'information', 'administration', 'council', 'tax', 'seek', 'applications', 'qualified', 'accountants', 'qbe', 'partnering', 'operations', 'background', 'education', 'facilities', 'sectors', 'advantageous', 'interpersonal', 'track', 'record', 'building', 'relationships', 'communicating', 'diverse', 'group', 'cross', 'functional', 'teams', 'demonstrate', 'communication', 'influence', 'change', 'whilst', 'maintaining', 'levels', 'motivation', 'colleagues', 'additionally', 'demonstrate', 'starter', 'motivate', 'consistently', 'solve', 'problems', 'tasks', 'completed', 'university', 'partnerships', 'programme', 'upp', 'provider', 'managed', 'university', 'accommodation', 'upp', 'universities', 'providing', 'strategic', 'options', 'residential', 'academic', 'facilities', 'longterm', 'objectives', 'universities', 'upp', 'building', 'success', 'upp', 'residential', 'offering', 'complete', 'asset', 'include', 'academic', 'facilities', 'student', 'housing', 'tailored', 'meet', 'partners', 'individual', 'estates', 'upp', 'residential', 'worked', 'partnership', 'university', 'reading', 'facilities', 'marketing', 'rooms', 'delivered', 'employees', 'party', 'cvs', 'michael', 'page', 'specific', 'qualifications', 'account', 'overseas', 'equivalents', 'party', 'applications', 'forwarded', 'michael', 'page', 'ref', 'code', 'contact', 'details', 'removed']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Support Worker Job Tunbridge Wells
Webindex: 46629831
Description: Just Social Care urgently requires experienced care workers to work within residential adults homes supporting adults with learning disabilities. The care homes are based in the Tunbridge Wells. A flexible working pattern is available with the majority of the hours being undertaken during the weekend; however the potential for full time hours will be made available for all workers who demonstrate a strong flexible working ethos and commitment to the role. It is our intention to provide a team of same named workers who are able to commit on going to the care home to ensure continuity for the service users they support. If you have demonstrable relevant experience working as a senior support worker and access to all or some of the above areas and can provide the commitment we require, we look forward to hearing from you. Essential Requirements: At least **** year’s recent experience in a similar field working with adults and complex needs An understanding of personal care Medication Training A creative approach to empowering children to achieve their goals A commitment to the care and well being of the service users Checkable references Desirable Car driver or a willingness to travel Current enhanced CRB Just Social Care have the most experienced consultants within the UK who have over 15 years combined experience within Social Work recruitment, both Locum and permanent placements." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00484.txt " Support Worker Job Tunbridge Wells" " 46629831"  " Just Social Care urgently requires experienced care workers to work within residential adults homes supporting adults with learning disabilities. The care homes are based in the Tunbridge Wells. A flexible working pattern is available with the majority of the hours being undertaken during the weekend; however the potential for full time hours will be made available for all workers who demonstrate a strong flexible working ethos and commitment to the role. It is our intention to provide a team of same named workers who are able to commit on going to the care home to ensure continuity for the service users they support. If you have demonstrable relevant experience working as a senior support worker and access to all or some of the above areas and can provide the commitment we require, we look forward to hearing from you. Essential Requirements: At least **** year’s recent experience in a similar field working with adults and complex needs An understanding of personal care Medication Training A creative approach to empowering children to achieve their goals A commitment to the care and well being of the service users Checkable references Desirable Car driver or a willingness to travel Current enhanced CRB Just Social Care have the most experienced consultants within the UK who have over 15 years combined experience within Social Work recruitment, both Locum and permanent placements." "['social', 'urgently', 'requires', 'experienced', 'workers', 'residential', 'adults', 'homes', 'supporting', 'adults', 'learning', 'disabilities', 'homes', 'flexible', 'pattern', 'majority', 'hours', 'undertaken', 'weekend', 'potential', 'time', 'hours', 'made', 'workers', 'demonstrate', 'flexible', 'ethos', 'commitment', 'named', 'workers', 'commit', 'continuity', 'users', 'demonstrable', 'relevant', 'senior', 'worker', 'access', 'areas', 'commitment', 'require', 'forward', 'hearing', 'essential', 'requirements', 'year', 'recent', 'similar', 'field', 'adults', 'complex', 'understanding', 'personal', 'medication', 'creative', 'approach', 'empowering', 'children', 'achieve', 'goals', 'commitment', 'users', 'checkable', 'references', 'desirable', 'car', 'driver', 'willingness', 'travel', 'current', 'enhanced', 'crb', 'social', 'experienced', 'consultants', 'years', 'combined', 'social', 'locum', 'permanent', 'placements']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Corporate Finance Manager
Webindex: 71375118
Company: Berrisford Associates
Description: Company: βerrisford Associates have been appointed to search select an Corporate Finance Senior. Our Client is a leading midtier practice; a commercially focused firm with a number of key offices, they now seek a Corporate Finance Manager. Position outline: Reporting to the Director Partners you will take ownership responsibility for a range of clients across a broad spectrum of industries, you will be expected to work on financial analysis related to transactions, financial modelling providing a range of business solutions, including restructuring bank propositions. A clientfacing position you will interact with senior decisionmaking executives. More details at shortlist stage for selected candidates only: Suitability outline: The successful candidate will be a commercial focused qualified accountant, with a broad corporate finance background in a small to medium sized practice, dealing with mergers, restructuring at all levels other cf business services, excellent interpersonal skills, with the ability to justify their position within the firm a clear drive to propel their career forward in Corporate Finance. The successful accountant can expect a salary c********  a performance bonus c********k. This is an excellent position for an ambitious commercially minded corporate finance professional to join a respected dynamic modern firm. Essential: Qualified Accountant Local Practice (Small, MidTier) Broad Corporate Finance experience Commercial focused The next step: If you meet the essential criteria either call Jim for more details and to talk in total confidence, Call our Belfast office on **** **** **** **** 333 Monday to Friday or my mobile on **** **** **** Evenings Weekends. Statement: You can be assured of discretion and total confidentiality; we will not release you details without your consent, telling you the full details about the firm the position. βerrisford Associates  Provide a range of Managed Recruitment Services covering: Accountancy  Banking  Financial Services  Professional  Executive Irish News Finalists 2010 2011  Preferred supplier to leading Banks, Practices Local Global Businesses" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00391.txt " Corporate Finance Manager" " 71375118" " Berrisford Associates" " Company: βerrisford Associates have been appointed to search select an Corporate Finance Senior. Our Client is a leading midtier practice; a commercially focused firm with a number of key offices, they now seek a Corporate Finance Manager. Position outline: Reporting to the Director Partners you will take ownership responsibility for a range of clients across a broad spectrum of industries, you will be expected to work on financial analysis related to transactions, financial modelling providing a range of business solutions, including restructuring bank propositions. A clientfacing position you will interact with senior decisionmaking executives. More details at shortlist stage for selected candidates only: Suitability outline: The successful candidate will be a commercial focused qualified accountant, with a broad corporate finance background in a small to medium sized practice, dealing with mergers, restructuring at all levels other cf business services, excellent interpersonal skills, with the ability to justify their position within the firm a clear drive to propel their career forward in Corporate Finance. The successful accountant can expect a salary c********  a performance bonus c********k. This is an excellent position for an ambitious commercially minded corporate finance professional to join a respected dynamic modern firm. Essential: Qualified Accountant Local Practice (Small, MidTier) Broad Corporate Finance experience Commercial focused The next step: If you meet the essential criteria either call Jim for more details and to talk in total confidence, Call our Belfast office on **** **** **** **** 333 Monday to Friday or my mobile on **** **** **** Evenings Weekends. Statement: You can be assured of discretion and total confidentiality; we will not release you details without your consent, telling you the full details about the firm the position. βerrisford Associates  Provide a range of Managed Recruitment Services covering: Accountancy  Banking  Financial Services  Professional  Executive Irish News Finalists 2010 2011  Preferred supplier to leading Banks, Practices Local Global Businesses" "['errisford', 'associates', 'appointed', 'search', 'select', 'corporate', 'finance', 'senior', 'midtier', 'practice', 'commercially', 'focused', 'firm', 'number', 'key', 'offices', 'seek', 'corporate', 'finance', 'outline', 'reporting', 'director', 'partners', 'ownership', 'responsibility', 'range', 'broad', 'spectrum', 'industries', 'expected', 'analysis', 'related', 'transactions', 'modelling', 'providing', 'range', 'solutions', 'restructuring', 'bank', 'propositions', 'clientfacing', 'interact', 'senior', 'decisionmaking', 'executives', 'details', 'stage', 'selected', 'candidates', 'suitability', 'outline', 'commercial', 'focused', 'qualified', 'accountant', 'broad', 'corporate', 'finance', 'background', 'small', 'medium', 'sized', 'practice', 'dealing', 'mergers', 'restructuring', 'levels', 'interpersonal', 'firm', 'clear', 'drive', 'career', 'forward', 'corporate', 'finance', 'accountant', 'expect', 'performance', 'bonus', 'ambitious', 'commercially', 'minded', 'corporate', 'finance', 'professional', 'respected', 'dynamic', 'modern', 'firm', 'essential', 'qualified', 'accountant', 'local', 'practice', 'small', 'midtier', 'broad', 'corporate', 'finance', 'commercial', 'focused', 'step', 'meet', 'essential', 'criteria', 'call', 'details', 'talk', 'total', 'confidence', 'call', 'belfast', 'office', 'monday', 'friday', 'mobile', 'evenings', 'weekends', 'statement', 'assured', 'discretion', 'total', 'confidentiality', 'release', 'details', 'consent', 'details', 'firm', 'errisford', 'associates', 'range', 'managed', 'covering', 'accountancy', 'banking', 'professional', 'executive', 'news', 'preferred', 'supplier', 'banks', 'practices', 'local', 'global', 'businesses']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Quality Inspector / Quality Control Inspector (x****)
Webindex: 66981532
Company: CG Consultants
Description: Quality Inspector / Quality Control Inspector (x****) Our client is a large company who operate in the Aerospace industry. They are currently seeking **** Quality Inspectors to work at their Surrey based site. THE SALARY/RATE/PACKAGE/BENEFITS Quality Inspector / Quality Control Inspector (x****) •Circa **** per hour (LTD) •6 Month contract initially (view to be ongoing) •Overtime available •Start ASAP THE CANDIDATE Quality Inspector / Quality Control Inspector (x****) •It would be beneficial for the Quality Inspector to have experience with Autoclaves and Ovens •Quality Inspection/Engineering experience (flexible in terms of industry background) •The Quality Inspector will have experience of using a variety of computerised measuring devices including gauges and micrometers. •Composites experience would be beneficial •The Quality Inspector should have knowledge with first article inspection •Faro arm experience would be beneficial THE ROLE •The Quality Inspector will be required to inspect composite materials •Use gauges and micrometers to aid inspecting •The suitable Quality Inspector will use all manual measuring equipment REFERRAL INFORMATION Please submit your CV via email to apply in the first instance. We offer referral fees to those recommending unique applicants we go on to place. Do you know anyone suitable? Location: Surrey" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00122.txt " Quality Inspector / Quality Control Inspector (x****)" " 66981532" " CG Consultants" " Quality Inspector / Quality Control Inspector (x****) Our client is a large company who operate in the Aerospace industry. They are currently seeking **** Quality Inspectors to work at their Surrey based site. THE SALARY/RATE/PACKAGE/BENEFITS Quality Inspector / Quality Control Inspector (x****) •Circa **** per hour (LTD) •6 Month contract initially (view to be ongoing) •Overtime available •Start ASAP THE CANDIDATE Quality Inspector / Quality Control Inspector (x****) •It would be beneficial for the Quality Inspector to have experience with Autoclaves and Ovens •Quality Inspection/Engineering experience (flexible in terms of industry background) •The Quality Inspector will have experience of using a variety of computerised measuring devices including gauges and micrometers. •Composites experience would be beneficial •The Quality Inspector should have knowledge with first article inspection •Faro arm experience would be beneficial THE ROLE •The Quality Inspector will be required to inspect composite materials •Use gauges and micrometers to aid inspecting •The suitable Quality Inspector will use all manual measuring equipment REFERRAL INFORMATION Please submit your CV via email to apply in the first instance. We offer referral fees to those recommending unique applicants we go on to place. Do you know anyone suitable? Location: Surrey" "['quality', 'inspector', 'quality', 'control', 'inspector', 'large', 'operate', 'aerospace', 'industry', 'seeking', 'quality', 'inspectors', 'surrey', 'site', 'rate', 'package', 'benefits', 'quality', 'inspector', 'quality', 'control', 'inspector', 'circa', 'hour', 'month', 'contract', 'initially', 'view', 'ongoing', 'overtime', 'start', 'asap', 'quality', 'inspector', 'quality', 'control', 'inspector', 'beneficial', 'quality', 'inspector', 'quality', 'inspection', 'flexible', 'terms', 'industry', 'background', 'quality', 'inspector', 'variety', 'computerised', 'measuring', 'devices', 'gauges', 'micrometers', 'beneficial', 'quality', 'inspector', 'inspection', 'arm', 'beneficial', 'quality', 'inspector', 'inspect', 'composite', 'materials', 'gauges', 'micrometers', 'aid', 'inspecting', 'suitable', 'quality', 'inspector', 'manual', 'measuring', 'equipment', 'referral', 'information', 'submit', 'cv', 'email', 'instance', 'offer', 'referral', 'fees', 'recommending', 'unique', 'applicants', 'place', 'suitable', 'location', 'surrey']" Engineering
"Title: Accounts Semi Senior
Webindex: 68708318
Company: Michael Page Finance
Description:  Preparationof financial statements for Limited Companies and other entities requiring opinion work, to the firms required standard of quality;  Preparation of corporation tax computations;  Completion of tasks to budget and agreed timescales;  Dealing with clients by telephone and letter regarding client affairs as instructed;  Any other tasks when circumstances dictate.  Professional exams to an intermediate level;  Three years accounting experience would be desirable;  Ability to prepare final statutory accounts and prepare draft corporation tax computations;  Time management skills and the ability to meet deadlines;  IT skills. Leading independent firm based in Coventry. Competitivesalary and study support. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountsSemiSenior_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00309.txt " Accounts Semi Senior" " 68708318" " Michael Page Finance" "  Preparationof financial statements for Limited Companies and other entities requiring opinion work, to the firms required standard of quality;  Preparation of corporation tax computations;  Completion of tasks to budget and agreed timescales;  Dealing with clients by telephone and letter regarding client affairs as instructed;  Any other tasks when circumstances dictate.  Professional exams to an intermediate level;  Three years accounting experience would be desirable;  Ability to prepare final statutory accounts and prepare draft corporation tax computations;  Time management skills and the ability to meet deadlines;  IT skills. Leading independent firm based in Coventry. Competitivesalary and study support. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountsSemiSenior_job****" "['statements', 'limited', 'companies', 'requiring', 'opinion', 'firms', 'standard', 'quality', 'preparation', 'corporation', 'tax', 'computations', 'completion', 'tasks', 'budget', 'agreed', 'timescales', 'dealing', 'telephone', 'letter', 'affairs', 'instructed', 'tasks', 'circumstances', 'professional', 'exams', 'intermediate', 'level', 'years', 'accounting', 'desirable', 'prepare', 'final', 'statutory', 'accounts', 'prepare', 'draft', 'corporation', 'tax', 'computations', 'time', 'meet', 'deadlines', 'independent', 'firm', 'coventry', 'study', 'application', 'reviewed', 'michael', 'page', 'aware', 'receive', 'volume', 'applications', 'advertised', 'regularly', 'receive', 'applications', 'candidates', 'exceed', 'credentials', 'contact', 'days', 'selected', 'interview', 'specific', 'qualifications', 'account', 'overseas', 'equivalents', 'michael', 'page', 'world', 'consultancy', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Senior Quantity Surveyor
Webindex: 72428168
Company: Rue Two Property Recruitment
Description: Senior Quantity Surveyor ****  **** London Global property consultancy has a requirement in their London cost management team for a senior quantity surveyor with broad sector experience, namely some education, commercial, leisure. Email stephenruetwo.com" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00185.txt " Senior Quantity Surveyor" " 72428168" " Rue Two Property Recruitment" " Senior Quantity Surveyor ****  **** London Global property consultancy has a requirement in their London cost management team for a senior quantity surveyor with broad sector experience, namely some education, commercial, leisure. Email stephenruetwo.com" "['senior', 'quantity', 'surveyor', 'london', 'global', 'property', 'consultancy', 'requirement', 'london', 'cost', 'senior', 'quantity', 'surveyor', 'broad', 'sector', 'education', 'commercial', 'leisure', 'email']" Engineering
"Title: Partnership Director
Webindex: 71847011
Company: Michael Page Sales
Description: As a Partnership Director you will be responsible for selling corporate cards and network agreements to some of the largest issuing banks in Europe. In addition to selling to bank partners you will need to prospect additional third parties and distributors or even other financial institutions to increase the footprint of my client in Europe. You will need to garner support internally in order to build Joint Venture agreements with bank partners on a frequent basis.  Corporate Card Exposure  Track record of selling to Financial Institutions and Bank Partners  Sales Track Record  European focus. A global and leading corporate card provider who is looking to expand their team with an additional hire of a Partnership Director in London. c****k  Bonus  Comprehensive Benefits Package. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/PartnershipDirector_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00625.txt " Partnership Director" " 71847011" " Michael Page Sales" " As a Partnership Director you will be responsible for selling corporate cards and network agreements to some of the largest issuing banks in Europe. In addition to selling to bank partners you will need to prospect additional third parties and distributors or even other financial institutions to increase the footprint of my client in Europe. You will need to garner support internally in order to build Joint Venture agreements with bank partners on a frequent basis.  Corporate Card Exposure  Track record of selling to Financial Institutions and Bank Partners  Sales Track Record  European focus. A global and leading corporate card provider who is looking to expand their team with an additional hire of a Partnership Director in London. c****k  Bonus  Comprehensive Benefits Package. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/PartnershipDirector_job****" "['partnership', 'director', 'responsible', 'selling', 'corporate', 'cards', 'network', 'agreements', 'largest', 'issuing', 'banks', 'europe', 'addition', 'selling', 'bank', 'partners', 'prospect', 'additional', 'parties', 'distributors', 'institutions', 'increase', 'footprint', 'europe', 'internally', 'order', 'build', 'joint', 'venture', 'agreements', 'bank', 'partners', 'basis', 'corporate', 'card', 'exposure', 'track', 'record', 'selling', 'institutions', 'bank', 'partners', 'track', 'record', 'european', 'focus', 'global', 'corporate', 'card', 'provider', 'expand', 'additional', 'hire', 'partnership', 'director', 'london', 'bonus', 'comprehensive', 'benefits', 'package', 'application', 'reviewed', 'michael', 'page', 'aware', 'receive', 'volume', 'applications', 'advertised', 'regularly', 'receive', 'applications', 'candidates', 'exceed', 'credentials', 'contact', 'days', 'selected', 'interview', 'specific', 'qualifications', 'account', 'overseas', 'equivalents', 'michael', 'page', 'world', 'consultancy', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'salestarget', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Shift Manager (FMCG)
Webindex: 72447529
Company: SJS Consulting
Description: My client, an established FMCG manufacturing organisation, is looking to recruit a Shift Production Manager on a 4 on/off rota. Skills and Qualifications required for the role: A proven track record of implementing continuous improvement processes (Lean Manufacturing techniques) in an FMCG environment Proven and effective people management abilities either in an Engineering or Operations environment Knowledge and experience of process management in a fast moving manufacturing environment Indepth knowledge of progressive HR policies Awareness of relevant legislation and knowledge of modern manufacturing techniques Responsibilities: Ensuring all targets are met with regard to customer service and reliability levels; quality standards; hygiene; and Health and Safety Continuously improving the performance of the operating team, Developing each team member to their full potential, promoting involvement and building the team towards selfsufficiency Helping to establish a strategic department plan and implementing the necessary tactical plan for the factory Leading / joining functional and cross functional project improvement teams and working closely with other functions to ensure the smooth introduction of new products / processes Compiling and complying with annual staffing, engineering and consumables budgets Coordinating weekly / annual flexible working and product scheduling activities associated with the business unit This operations role requires a confident and innovative team leader with a strong customer focus and a dedication and drive for results. Strong problem solving abilities and a creative and flexible approach are also essential, as is the ability to communicate and influence at all levels. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ShiftManagerFMCG_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00095.txt " Shift Manager (FMCG)" " 72447529" " SJS Consulting" " My client, an established FMCG manufacturing organisation, is looking to recruit a Shift Production Manager on a 4 on/off rota. Skills and Qualifications required for the role: A proven track record of implementing continuous improvement processes (Lean Manufacturing techniques) in an FMCG environment Proven and effective people management abilities either in an Engineering or Operations environment Knowledge and experience of process management in a fast moving manufacturing environment Indepth knowledge of progressive HR policies Awareness of relevant legislation and knowledge of modern manufacturing techniques Responsibilities: Ensuring all targets are met with regard to customer service and reliability levels; quality standards; hygiene; and Health and Safety Continuously improving the performance of the operating team, Developing each team member to their full potential, promoting involvement and building the team towards selfsufficiency Helping to establish a strategic department plan and implementing the necessary tactical plan for the factory Leading / joining functional and cross functional project improvement teams and working closely with other functions to ensure the smooth introduction of new products / processes Compiling and complying with annual staffing, engineering and consumables budgets Coordinating weekly / annual flexible working and product scheduling activities associated with the business unit This operations role requires a confident and innovative team leader with a strong customer focus and a dedication and drive for results. Strong problem solving abilities and a creative and flexible approach are also essential, as is the ability to communicate and influence at all levels. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ShiftManagerFMCG_job****" "['established', 'fmcg', 'manufacturing', 'organisation', 'recruit', 'shift', 'production', 'rota', 'qualifications', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'implementing', 'continuous', 'improvement', 'processes', 'lean', 'manufacturing', 'techniques', 'fmcg', 'environment', 'proven', 'effective', 'people', 'abilities', 'operations', 'environment', 'process', 'fast', 'moving', 'manufacturing', 'environment', 'indepth', 'progressive', 'hr', 'policies', 'awareness', 'relevant', 'legislation', 'modern', 'manufacturing', 'techniques', 'responsibilities', 'ensuring', 'targets', 'met', 'regard', 'reliability', 'levels', 'quality', 'standards', 'hygiene', 'health', 'safety', 'continuously', 'improving', 'performance', 'operating', 'developing', 'member', 'potential', 'promoting', 'involvement', 'building', 'helping', 'establish', 'strategic', 'department', 'plan', 'implementing', 'tactical', 'plan', 'factory', 'joining', 'functional', 'cross', 'functional', 'project', 'improvement', 'teams', 'closely', 'functions', 'smooth', 'introduction', 'products', 'processes', 'compiling', 'complying', 'annual', 'staffing', 'consumables', 'budgets', 'coordinating', 'weekly', 'annual', 'flexible', 'product', 'scheduling', 'activities', 'unit', 'operations', 'requires', 'confident', 'innovative', 'leader', 'focus', 'dedication', 'drive', 'results', 'problem', 'solving', 'abilities', 'creative', 'flexible', 'approach', 'essential', 'communicate', 'influence', 'levels', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Audit Manager
Webindex: 69746362
Company: Howett Thorpe
Description: Top Firm require an Audit Manager to join their Guildford team. About You It is anticipated that the successful candidate will be a qualified accountant (ACA/ACCA or equivalent) with demonstrable experience in the management of medium and large corporate audits. About The Role Reporting to the Partners the role will be responsible for managing a portfolio of clients and involvement in a range of other management and business development activities. Some of the key aspects of the role will be;  Excellent project management around the planning  Execution and completion of a range of assignments  Ongoing liaison with clients throughout the year  Strong communication skills enabling you to handle a range of clients, contacts and team members  Researching and preparing proposals for new work and taking part in formal  Budget setting, fee negotiation and ultimately managing billing arrangements in conjunction with the partners on a timely basis  Follow the firm s procedures and relevant  Expertise in IFRS and UK GAAP is essential  The delivery of on the job training and ongoing support to other team members  Developing a detailed knowledge of the firm s specialist services, and to undertaking special work in response to client needs where appropriate  Experience with listed clients alongside exposure to international clients About Our Client This client of Howett Thorpe is a successful firm of chartered accountants and business advisors with excellent staff and client retention. Things you should know  Flexible benefit package  Family friendly policy  Defined career development Howett Thorpe are acting as a recruitment agency in relation to this role and comply with all relevant UK legislation and do not discriminate on any protected characteristics. Due to the high volume of applications we currently receive, we are unable to respond to all candidates. If you do not hear from a Consultant within **** working days please assume that you have not been successful. Refer a friend If this job is not of interest to you, but you know a friend or colleague who may be interested, recommend them to us and receive a minimum of **** in vouchers if we assist them in securing a permanent role and a minimum of **** in vouchers if we place them in a temporary assignment. (Terms & conditions apply)" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00341.txt " Audit Manager" " 69746362" " Howett Thorpe" " Top Firm require an Audit Manager to join their Guildford team. About You It is anticipated that the successful candidate will be a qualified accountant (ACA/ACCA or equivalent) with demonstrable experience in the management of medium and large corporate audits. About The Role Reporting to the Partners the role will be responsible for managing a portfolio of clients and involvement in a range of other management and business development activities. Some of the key aspects of the role will be;  Excellent project management around the planning  Execution and completion of a range of assignments  Ongoing liaison with clients throughout the year  Strong communication skills enabling you to handle a range of clients, contacts and team members  Researching and preparing proposals for new work and taking part in formal  Budget setting, fee negotiation and ultimately managing billing arrangements in conjunction with the partners on a timely basis  Follow the firm s procedures and relevant  Expertise in IFRS and UK GAAP is essential  The delivery of on the job training and ongoing support to other team members  Developing a detailed knowledge of the firm s specialist services, and to undertaking special work in response to client needs where appropriate  Experience with listed clients alongside exposure to international clients About Our Client This client of Howett Thorpe is a successful firm of chartered accountants and business advisors with excellent staff and client retention. Things you should know  Flexible benefit package  Family friendly policy  Defined career development Howett Thorpe are acting as a recruitment agency in relation to this role and comply with all relevant UK legislation and do not discriminate on any protected characteristics. Due to the high volume of applications we currently receive, we are unable to respond to all candidates. If you do not hear from a Consultant within **** working days please assume that you have not been successful. Refer a friend If this job is not of interest to you, but you know a friend or colleague who may be interested, recommend them to us and receive a minimum of **** in vouchers if we assist them in securing a permanent role and a minimum of **** in vouchers if we place them in a temporary assignment. (Terms & conditions apply)" "['top', 'firm', 'require', 'audit', 'guildford', 'anticipated', 'qualified', 'accountant', 'aca', 'acca', 'equivalent', 'demonstrable', 'medium', 'large', 'corporate', 'audits', 'reporting', 'partners', 'responsible', 'managing', 'portfolio', 'involvement', 'range', 'activities', 'key', 'aspects', 'project', 'planning', 'execution', 'completion', 'range', 'assignments', 'ongoing', 'liaison', 'year', 'communication', 'enabling', 'handle', 'range', 'contacts', 'members', 'researching', 'preparing', 'proposals', 'taking', 'part', 'formal', 'budget', 'setting', 'fee', 'negotiation', 'ultimately', 'managing', 'billing', 'arrangements', 'conjunction', 'partners', 'timely', 'basis', 'follow', 'firm', 'procedures', 'relevant', 'expertise', 'ifrs', 'gaap', 'essential', 'delivery', 'ongoing', 'members', 'developing', 'detailed', 'firm', 'specialist', 'undertaking', 'special', 'response', 'listed', 'alongside', 'exposure', 'international', 'howett', 'thorpe', 'firm', 'chartered', 'accountants', 'advisors', 'retention', 'things', 'flexible', 'benefit', 'package', 'family', 'friendly', 'policy', 'defined', 'career', 'howett', 'thorpe', 'acting', 'agency', 'relation', 'comply', 'relevant', 'legislation', 'discriminate', 'protected', 'characteristics', 'due', 'volume', 'applications', 'receive', 'unable', 'respond', 'candidates', 'hear', 'consultant', 'days', 'assume', 'refer', 'friend', 'interest', 'friend', 'colleague', 'interested', 'recommend', 'receive', 'minimum', 'vouchers', 'assist', 'securing', 'permanent', 'minimum', 'vouchers', 'place', 'temporary', 'assignment', 'terms', 'conditions']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Electronics Engineer, Newcastle, ****
Webindex: 69213729
Company: Amrec
Description: Electronics Engineer, Newcastle, **** A successful and multinational embedded systems business are looking to recruit a talented electronics engineer to the team, as part of their expansion plans in the Newcastle office. You will be joining a hugely successful business, that has the backing of a company that turns over a billion dollars per year, also maintains a very close knit family environment in Newcastle. If you are interested in the below vacancy please get in contact with Andrew Knight at Amrec Recruitment Ltd The ideal candidate must have a good working knowledge in a broad area covering analogue and digital design, various digital interfaces (PCIE, USB, I****C, LPC). Ideally experience with modern X**** motherboard design ? Must have an excellent command of the schematic entry (ORCAD preferred) and PCB design (Allegro) tools. ? good understanding of signal integrity concepts and ability to implement it in a system design is required. ? Will work with UK, Europe and Asia based design teams, different vendors ? Prepare design specification, make the proper component selection, create and check designs to achieve desired design goals. ? Excellent debug and troubleshooting skills and ability to utilize advanced instrumentation in design characterization are required. ? Good understanding of mechanical and thermal aspects of electronic designs is a must. ? Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Must be able to drive project from the concept and design phase all the way to transferring it to production. ? Must be a selfstarter, highly motivated and be able to work with little or no supervision in an environment of a small and highly dynamic company. Additional skills and qualifications desired: knowledge of FPGA design tools, VHDL, DSP, MATHLAB. Knowledge of PCB fabrication, SMT assembly and understanding of the quality management concepts. Education/Experience. A BS/MS in a field of Electrical or Computer Engineering and a **** to 10 years? experience in the field is required. Must be authorized to work in UK. International experience, Travel (international) required (perhaps 1020% max). This opportunity is commutable from Newcastle, Durham, Middlesbrough, Northumberland, North Shields, South Shields, Tyne and Wear, County Durham, North East" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00172.txt " Electronics Engineer, Newcastle, ****" " 69213729" " Amrec" " Electronics Engineer, Newcastle, **** A successful and multinational embedded systems business are looking to recruit a talented electronics engineer to the team, as part of their expansion plans in the Newcastle office. You will be joining a hugely successful business, that has the backing of a company that turns over a billion dollars per year, also maintains a very close knit family environment in Newcastle. If you are interested in the below vacancy please get in contact with Andrew Knight at Amrec Recruitment Ltd The ideal candidate must have a good working knowledge in a broad area covering analogue and digital design, various digital interfaces (PCIE, USB, I****C, LPC). Ideally experience with modern X**** motherboard design ? Must have an excellent command of the schematic entry (ORCAD preferred) and PCB design (Allegro) tools. ? good understanding of signal integrity concepts and ability to implement it in a system design is required. ? Will work with UK, Europe and Asia based design teams, different vendors ? Prepare design specification, make the proper component selection, create and check designs to achieve desired design goals. ? Excellent debug and troubleshooting skills and ability to utilize advanced instrumentation in design characterization are required. ? Good understanding of mechanical and thermal aspects of electronic designs is a must. ? Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Must be able to drive project from the concept and design phase all the way to transferring it to production. ? Must be a selfstarter, highly motivated and be able to work with little or no supervision in an environment of a small and highly dynamic company. Additional skills and qualifications desired: knowledge of FPGA design tools, VHDL, DSP, MATHLAB. Knowledge of PCB fabrication, SMT assembly and understanding of the quality management concepts. Education/Experience. A BS/MS in a field of Electrical or Computer Engineering and a **** to 10 years? experience in the field is required. Must be authorized to work in UK. International experience, Travel (international) required (perhaps 1020% max). This opportunity is commutable from Newcastle, Durham, Middlesbrough, Northumberland, North Shields, South Shields, Tyne and Wear, County Durham, North East" "['electronics', 'newcastle', 'multinational', 'embedded', 'recruit', 'talented', 'electronics', 'part', 'expansion', 'plans', 'newcastle', 'office', 'joining', 'hugely', 'backing', 'turns', 'billion', 'year', 'maintains', 'close', 'knit', 'family', 'environment', 'newcastle', 'interested', 'vacancy', 'contact', 'andrew', 'ideal', 'broad', 'area', 'covering', 'analogue', 'digital', 'digital', 'interfaces', 'pcie', 'ideally', 'modern', 'motherboard', 'command', 'schematic', 'entry', 'orcad', 'preferred', 'pcb', 'tools', 'understanding', 'signal', 'integrity', 'concepts', 'implement', 'system', 'europe', 'asia', 'teams', 'vendors', 'prepare', 'specification', 'make', 'proper', 'component', 'selection', 'create', 'check', 'designs', 'achieve', 'desired', 'goals', 'debug', 'troubleshooting', 'advanced', 'instrumentation', 'understanding', 'mechanical', 'thermal', 'aspects', 'electronic', 'designs', 'verbal', 'written', 'communication', 'drive', 'project', 'concept', 'phase', 'transferring', 'production', 'selfstarter', 'highly', 'motivated', 'supervision', 'environment', 'small', 'highly', 'dynamic', 'additional', 'qualifications', 'desired', 'fpga', 'tools', 'vhdl', 'dsp', 'pcb', 'fabrication', 'smt', 'assembly', 'understanding', 'quality', 'concepts', 'education', 'bs', 'ms', 'field', 'electrical', 'computer', 'years', 'field', 'authorized', 'international', 'travel', 'international', 'commutable', 'newcastle', 'durham', 'middlesbrough', 'northumberland', 'north', 'shields', 'south', 'shields', 'tyne', 'wear', 'county', 'durham', 'north', 'east']" Engineering
"Title: Multiskilled maintenance Engineer
Webindex: 69079811
Company: STR Limited
Description: MULTI SKILLED MAINTENANCE ENGINEER (LATE SHIFT)  COLCHESTER  c****k (inc Shift) A leading manufacturing company is currently looking for two Multi Skilled maintenance engineers to work on their customer site in Colchester. The multi skilled engineer will be working on their inspection machines, providing engineering service in line with service level agreement. The multiskilled maintenance engineer will be required to ensure machine performance is in line with expectation, looking at any improvement opportunities within the service team. You will be required to provide speedy fix to all breakdowns through methodical diagnosis, corrective action and thorough testing as well as carrying out planned and preventative maintenance. The role will involve both electrical and mechanical maintenance. In order to be considered, you will have a good Electrical and Mechanical maintenance background gained working with electro mechanical equipment within a production or process environment. Experience of working within a customer facing environment preferred. A recognised Electrical Qualification would be highly desirable and good PC Literacy. This role is working late shifts Monday to Friday, shifts as follows: Mon to Wed ****:**** to ****:**** Thurs ****:**** to ****:**** Fri ****:**** to ****:**** The Maintenance Engineer will be offered a salary up to **** (includes shift uplift), plus overtime, and 26 days holiday, Pension, Private Healthcare and Life assurance **** x annual salary. To apply, please send your CV or call Ian Shilley (Apply online only) STR Limited is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00113.txt " Multiskilled maintenance Engineer" " 69079811" " STR Limited" " MULTI SKILLED MAINTENANCE ENGINEER (LATE SHIFT)  COLCHESTER  c****k (inc Shift) A leading manufacturing company is currently looking for two Multi Skilled maintenance engineers to work on their customer site in Colchester. The multi skilled engineer will be working on their inspection machines, providing engineering service in line with service level agreement. The multiskilled maintenance engineer will be required to ensure machine performance is in line with expectation, looking at any improvement opportunities within the service team. You will be required to provide speedy fix to all breakdowns through methodical diagnosis, corrective action and thorough testing as well as carrying out planned and preventative maintenance. The role will involve both electrical and mechanical maintenance. In order to be considered, you will have a good Electrical and Mechanical maintenance background gained working with electro mechanical equipment within a production or process environment. Experience of working within a customer facing environment preferred. A recognised Electrical Qualification would be highly desirable and good PC Literacy. This role is working late shifts Monday to Friday, shifts as follows: Mon to Wed ****:**** to ****:**** Thurs ****:**** to ****:**** Fri ****:**** to ****:**** The Maintenance Engineer will be offered a salary up to **** (includes shift uplift), plus overtime, and 26 days holiday, Pension, Private Healthcare and Life assurance **** x annual salary. To apply, please send your CV or call Ian Shilley (Apply online only) STR Limited is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy" "['multi', 'skilled', 'maintenance', 'late', 'shift', 'colchester', 'shift', 'manufacturing', 'multi', 'skilled', 'maintenance', 'engineers', 'site', 'colchester', 'multi', 'skilled', 'inspection', 'machines', 'providing', 'line', 'level', 'agreement', 'multiskilled', 'maintenance', 'machine', 'performance', 'line', 'expectation', 'improvement', 'opportunities', 'fix', 'breakdowns', 'methodical', 'diagnosis', 'corrective', 'action', 'testing', 'carrying', 'planned', 'preventative', 'maintenance', 'involve', 'electrical', 'mechanical', 'maintenance', 'order', 'considered', 'electrical', 'mechanical', 'maintenance', 'background', 'gained', 'electro', 'mechanical', 'equipment', 'production', 'process', 'environment', 'facing', 'environment', 'preferred', 'recognised', 'electrical', 'qualification', 'highly', 'desirable', 'pc', 'literacy', 'late', 'shifts', 'monday', 'friday', 'shifts', 'mon', 'thurs', 'fri', 'maintenance', 'offered', 'includes', 'shift', 'overtime', 'days', 'holiday', 'pension', 'private', 'healthcare', 'life', 'assurance', 'annual', 'send', 'cv', 'call', 'online', 'limited', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'vacancy']" Engineering
"Title: R****R Analyst
Webindex: 69172926
Company: Randstad Financial & Professional
Description: This outsourcing business based in Oldham is expanding it's Shared Service Centre operation and is currently looking to recruit three R****R Analysts to be responsible for enhancing the quality of financial transactional processing and controls. Key responsibilities of the R****R Analyst will include:  Reviewing reconciliations performed by R****R technicians for completeness and accuracy  Analysing, documenting and improving financial and banking procedures and improving the cost recharge and allocation process.  Take responsibility for statutory, management reporting and forecasting including completion of statutory returns and registrations and preparation of management reporting packs.  Oversee process and performance monitoring including KPI production and measurement against SLAs  Supervise other team members to ensure project delivery. The ideal R****R Analyst will possess the following attributes/skills:  Ideally a qualified accountant  Strong experience in a broad range of P L and Balance Sheet areas as well as an understanding of the impact and effect of interfacing processes (e.g. P****P, OTC, Payroll) on the R****R function.  Extensive experience of finding solutions to historical reconciliation issues and process inefficiencies you'll also have experience of implementing new solutions and embedding these.  Extensive knowledge and experience of understanding, interrogating and reconciling financial transactions and experience of audit procedures is key as is extensive experience in implementing and monitoring effectiveness of internal controls in a large company environment.  You'll also have strong communication skills  Familiarity with SAP finance applications is desirable. Randstad Financial Professional encourage applications from individuals of all ages backgrounds. Appointment will be made on merit alone but candidates must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the UK. Randstad Financial Professional acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment an employment business for temporary recruitment as defined by the Conduct of Employment Agencies Employment Business Regulations **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/R****RAnalyst_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00333.txt " R****R Analyst" " 69172926" " Randstad Financial & Professional" " This outsourcing business based in Oldham is expanding it's Shared Service Centre operation and is currently looking to recruit three R****R Analysts to be responsible for enhancing the quality of financial transactional processing and controls. Key responsibilities of the R****R Analyst will include:  Reviewing reconciliations performed by R****R technicians for completeness and accuracy  Analysing, documenting and improving financial and banking procedures and improving the cost recharge and allocation process.  Take responsibility for statutory, management reporting and forecasting including completion of statutory returns and registrations and preparation of management reporting packs.  Oversee process and performance monitoring including KPI production and measurement against SLAs  Supervise other team members to ensure project delivery. The ideal R****R Analyst will possess the following attributes/skills:  Ideally a qualified accountant  Strong experience in a broad range of P L and Balance Sheet areas as well as an understanding of the impact and effect of interfacing processes (e.g. P****P, OTC, Payroll) on the R****R function.  Extensive experience of finding solutions to historical reconciliation issues and process inefficiencies you'll also have experience of implementing new solutions and embedding these.  Extensive knowledge and experience of understanding, interrogating and reconciling financial transactions and experience of audit procedures is key as is extensive experience in implementing and monitoring effectiveness of internal controls in a large company environment.  You'll also have strong communication skills  Familiarity with SAP finance applications is desirable. Randstad Financial Professional encourage applications from individuals of all ages backgrounds. Appointment will be made on merit alone but candidates must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the UK. Randstad Financial Professional acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment an employment business for temporary recruitment as defined by the Conduct of Employment Agencies Employment Business Regulations **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/R****RAnalyst_job****" "['outsourcing', 'oldham', 'expanding', 'shared', 'centre', 'operation', 'recruit', 'analysts', 'responsible', 'enhancing', 'quality', 'transactional', 'processing', 'controls', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'analyst', 'include', 'reviewing', 'reconciliations', 'performed', 'technicians', 'completeness', 'accuracy', 'analysing', 'documenting', 'improving', 'banking', 'procedures', 'improving', 'cost', 'allocation', 'process', 'responsibility', 'statutory', 'reporting', 'forecasting', 'completion', 'statutory', 'returns', 'preparation', 'reporting', 'packs', 'oversee', 'process', 'performance', 'monitoring', 'kpi', 'production', 'measurement', 'slas', 'supervise', 'members', 'project', 'delivery', 'ideal', 'analyst', 'possess', 'attributes', 'ideally', 'qualified', 'accountant', 'broad', 'range', 'balance', 'sheet', 'areas', 'understanding', 'impact', 'effect', 'interfacing', 'processes', 'otc', 'payroll', 'function', 'extensive', 'finding', 'solutions', 'historical', 'reconciliation', 'issues', 'process', 'implementing', 'solutions', 'embedding', 'extensive', 'understanding', 'reconciling', 'transactions', 'audit', 'procedures', 'key', 'extensive', 'implementing', 'monitoring', 'effectiveness', 'internal', 'controls', 'large', 'environment', 'communication', 'familiarity', 'sap', 'finance', 'applications', 'desirable', 'randstad', 'professional', 'encourage', 'applications', 'individuals', 'ages', 'backgrounds', 'appointment', 'made', 'merit', 'candidates', 'demonstrate', 'randstad', 'professional', 'acts', 'employment', 'agency', 'permanent', 'employment', 'temporary', 'defined', 'conduct', 'employment', 'agencies', 'employment', 'regulations', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Principal Naval Architect Submarine
Webindex: 67946221
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Principal Naval Architect Submarine required to join a leading consultancy. Important Proven experience within a similar role. The Job From concept design and support to technical assurance, inservice design and life extension investigations, our client is known for its innovation, expertise and ability to tackle the most complex submarine design and systems issues. As a leading independent centre of engineering design, design support and technical services for defence customers, our clients strong track record in naval platform design for surface warships, submarines and auxiliaries is thanks to our people, who include naval architects, marine engineers, systems engineers, and software developers. As a Principal Naval Architect, you will be required to act as a technical champion, managing and driving forward the company knowledge and capability in relation to your assigned skill areas (consistent with the needs of the business plan), and developing there preeminence in the industry. You will get involved in some or all of the following areas, and you will be expected to adopt one or more to lead on as technical champion: Concept design, detailed design, production support, delivery and inservice support for submarine and surface ship platforms; Support to the definition and development of user, system and subsystem requirements through to demonstration of acceptance; General Arrangement development and assessment; Hull form design, optimisation and development; Assessment of hydrodynamic performance, including resistance and propulsion, and appendage design and integration; Assessment of buoyancy and stability characteristics for concept and detailed design phases; Prediction of manoeuvring and control performance through mathematical, computational and physical modelling methods; Seakeeping analysis; predicting, understanding and adjusting a platform design s predicted response to the wave amplitude and direction. Ideally, you will also have: Chartered or Incorporated Engineer status with a recognised professional body, supported by a degree or equivalent in Naval Architecture; Familiarity with the UK submarine establishment; Knowledge of marine platform design standards and processes; Experience of stability analysis using packages such as Paramarine; Experience of CAD packages such as Rhino or AutoCAD; Experience of model testing and trials; Experience of preparing, managing and conducting Trim and Inclining experiments; Experience of costing assessment. We would like to hear from people seeking both permanent and fixed term contract opportunities. For our permanent roles, we offer an excellent remuneration package with a competitive salary, bonuses/profit scheme, a competitive pension scheme, subsidised gym/sports membership, 25 days holiday, employee discounts, additional holiday purchase and more. A relocation allowance is also available where applicable. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00129.txt " Principal Naval Architect Submarine" " 67946221" " Matchtech Group plc." " Introduction Principal Naval Architect Submarine required to join a leading consultancy. Important Proven experience within a similar role. The Job From concept design and support to technical assurance, inservice design and life extension investigations, our client is known for its innovation, expertise and ability to tackle the most complex submarine design and systems issues. As a leading independent centre of engineering design, design support and technical services for defence customers, our clients strong track record in naval platform design for surface warships, submarines and auxiliaries is thanks to our people, who include naval architects, marine engineers, systems engineers, and software developers. As a Principal Naval Architect, you will be required to act as a technical champion, managing and driving forward the company knowledge and capability in relation to your assigned skill areas (consistent with the needs of the business plan), and developing there preeminence in the industry. You will get involved in some or all of the following areas, and you will be expected to adopt one or more to lead on as technical champion: Concept design, detailed design, production support, delivery and inservice support for submarine and surface ship platforms; Support to the definition and development of user, system and subsystem requirements through to demonstration of acceptance; General Arrangement development and assessment; Hull form design, optimisation and development; Assessment of hydrodynamic performance, including resistance and propulsion, and appendage design and integration; Assessment of buoyancy and stability characteristics for concept and detailed design phases; Prediction of manoeuvring and control performance through mathematical, computational and physical modelling methods; Seakeeping analysis; predicting, understanding and adjusting a platform design s predicted response to the wave amplitude and direction. Ideally, you will also have: Chartered or Incorporated Engineer status with a recognised professional body, supported by a degree or equivalent in Naval Architecture; Familiarity with the UK submarine establishment; Knowledge of marine platform design standards and processes; Experience of stability analysis using packages such as Paramarine; Experience of CAD packages such as Rhino or AutoCAD; Experience of model testing and trials; Experience of preparing, managing and conducting Trim and Inclining experiments; Experience of costing assessment. We would like to hear from people seeking both permanent and fixed term contract opportunities. For our permanent roles, we offer an excellent remuneration package with a competitive salary, bonuses/profit scheme, a competitive pension scheme, subsidised gym/sports membership, 25 days holiday, employee discounts, additional holiday purchase and more. A relocation allowance is also available where applicable. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK" "['introduction', 'principal', 'naval', 'architect', 'submarine', 'consultancy', 'important', 'proven', 'similar', 'concept', 'technical', 'assurance', 'inservice', 'life', 'extension', 'investigations', 'innovation', 'expertise', 'tackle', 'complex', 'submarine', 'issues', 'independent', 'centre', 'technical', 'defence', 'customers', 'track', 'record', 'naval', 'platform', 'surface', 'warships', 'submarines', 'auxiliaries', 'people', 'include', 'naval', 'architects', 'marine', 'engineers', 'engineers', 'software', 'developers', 'principal', 'naval', 'architect', 'act', 'technical', 'champion', 'managing', 'driving', 'forward', 'capability', 'relation', 'assigned', 'skill', 'areas', 'consistent', 'plan', 'developing', 'industry', 'involved', 'areas', 'expected', 'adopt', 'lead', 'technical', 'champion', 'concept', 'detailed', 'production', 'delivery', 'inservice', 'submarine', 'surface', 'ship', 'platforms', 'definition', 'user', 'system', 'subsystem', 'requirements', 'demonstration', 'acceptance', 'general', 'arrangement', 'assessment', 'hull', 'form', 'optimisation', 'assessment', 'performance', 'propulsion', 'integration', 'assessment', 'stability', 'characteristics', 'concept', 'detailed', 'phases', 'manoeuvring', 'control', 'performance', 'mathematical', 'computational', 'physical', 'modelling', 'methods', 'analysis', 'understanding', 'adjusting', 'platform', 'response', 'direction', 'ideally', 'chartered', 'incorporated', 'status', 'recognised', 'professional', 'body', 'supported', 'degree', 'equivalent', 'naval', 'architecture', 'familiarity', 'submarine', 'establishment', 'marine', 'platform', 'standards', 'processes', 'stability', 'analysis', 'packages', 'cad', 'packages', 'autocad', 'model', 'testing', 'trials', 'preparing', 'managing', 'conducting', 'costing', 'assessment', 'hear', 'people', 'seeking', 'permanent', 'fixed', 'term', 'contract', 'opportunities', 'permanent', 'roles', 'offer', 'remuneration', 'package', 'competitive', 'bonuses', 'profit', 'scheme', 'competitive', 'pension', 'scheme', 'subsidised', 'gym', 'sports', 'membership', 'days', 'holiday', 'employee', 'discounts', 'additional', 'holiday', 'purchase', 'relocation', 'allowance', 'applicable', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'live']" Engineering
"Title: Client Support Analyst  BuySide Technology  London [City]
Webindex: 68695864
Company: Anderson Cole Recruitment Ltd
Description: Client Support Analyst – BuySide Technology – London. Award winning provider of Order Management, Direct Market Access and Portfolio Management solutions urgently seeks to recruit a Client Support Analyst for their expanding team in New York. Established in Chicago, London, New York and Paris for over ten years their products have become the financial products of choice for a number of high profile hedge funds, investment banks and investment managers. The Client Support Analyst will be working as part of a US based production support team that support Front Office users across the US. The client also offers FIX verification and professional services there will be opportunities gain knowledge of FIX protocol and Trading API experience. The Client Support Analyst will; •Investigate and resolve client trading issues •Investigate and resolve problems and queries from hedge fund clients across a range of asset classes •Work directly with Front Office users to resolve live product issues •Own and proactively resolve issues in the production and test environments. •Implementation and integration of trading API’s The Client Support Analyst will have 3 years plus commercial experience in support, implementation or integration within the financial services industry Excellent knowledge of FIX Protocol  FIX Connectivity Understanding of financial trade workflow and operations •Knowledge of SQL Ability to work to tight deadlines and manage multi task Excellent communication skills both verbal and written The client has been recognised for offering the Best Portfolio Management platform for Buyside portfolio management by numerous trade press, they are also renowned for their dedication to career development and training. There will be opportunities to move into client integration and implementation positions within 612 months as well as the gaining extensive Front Office support experience. Client Support Analyst package will include; Excellent bonus, training, pension, share options, life insurance, 25 days holiday. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ClientSupportAnalystBuySideTechnologyLondonCity_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00324.txt " Client Support Analyst  BuySide Technology  London [City]" " 68695864" " Anderson Cole Recruitment Ltd" " Client Support Analyst – BuySide Technology – London. Award winning provider of Order Management, Direct Market Access and Portfolio Management solutions urgently seeks to recruit a Client Support Analyst for their expanding team in New York. Established in Chicago, London, New York and Paris for over ten years their products have become the financial products of choice for a number of high profile hedge funds, investment banks and investment managers. The Client Support Analyst will be working as part of a US based production support team that support Front Office users across the US. The client also offers FIX verification and professional services there will be opportunities gain knowledge of FIX protocol and Trading API experience. The Client Support Analyst will; •Investigate and resolve client trading issues •Investigate and resolve problems and queries from hedge fund clients across a range of asset classes •Work directly with Front Office users to resolve live product issues •Own and proactively resolve issues in the production and test environments. •Implementation and integration of trading API’s The Client Support Analyst will have 3 years plus commercial experience in support, implementation or integration within the financial services industry Excellent knowledge of FIX Protocol  FIX Connectivity Understanding of financial trade workflow and operations •Knowledge of SQL Ability to work to tight deadlines and manage multi task Excellent communication skills both verbal and written The client has been recognised for offering the Best Portfolio Management platform for Buyside portfolio management by numerous trade press, they are also renowned for their dedication to career development and training. There will be opportunities to move into client integration and implementation positions within 612 months as well as the gaining extensive Front Office support experience. Client Support Analyst package will include; Excellent bonus, training, pension, share options, life insurance, 25 days holiday. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ClientSupportAnalystBuySideTechnologyLondonCity_job****" "['analyst', 'buyside', 'technology', 'london', 'award', 'winning', 'provider', 'order', 'direct', 'market', 'access', 'portfolio', 'solutions', 'urgently', 'seeks', 'recruit', 'analyst', 'expanding', 'york', 'established', 'london', 'york', 'ten', 'years', 'products', 'products', 'choice', 'number', 'profile', 'hedge', 'funds', 'investment', 'banks', 'investment', 'managers', 'analyst', 'part', 'production', 'front', 'office', 'users', 'offers', 'fix', 'verification', 'professional', 'opportunities', 'gain', 'fix', 'protocol', 'trading', 'api', 'analyst', 'investigate', 'resolve', 'trading', 'issues', 'investigate', 'resolve', 'problems', 'queries', 'hedge', 'fund', 'range', 'asset', 'classes', 'directly', 'front', 'office', 'users', 'resolve', 'live', 'product', 'issues', 'proactively', 'resolve', 'issues', 'production', 'test', 'environments', 'implementation', 'integration', 'trading', 'api', 'analyst', 'years', 'commercial', 'implementation', 'integration', 'industry', 'fix', 'protocol', 'fix', 'connectivity', 'understanding', 'trade', 'workflow', 'operations', 'sql', 'tight', 'deadlines', 'manage', 'multi', 'task', 'communication', 'verbal', 'written', 'recognised', 'offering', 'portfolio', 'platform', 'buyside', 'portfolio', 'numerous', 'trade', 'press', 'renowned', 'dedication', 'career', 'opportunities', 'move', 'integration', 'implementation', 'positions', 'months', 'gaining', 'extensive', 'front', 'office', 'analyst', 'package', 'include', 'bonus', 'pension', 'share', 'options', 'life', 'insurance', 'days', 'holiday', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Development Manager – Citizens Advice Network
Webindex: 69501426
Company: CITIZENS ADVICE
Description: The Citizens Advice service helps people resolve their legal, money and other problems by providing information and advice, and by influencing policymakers. At national Citizens Advice we work in close partnership with bureaux to ensure an effective and high quality service for all. This is an exciting opportunity to work as a Network Development Manager and manage our relationship with a number of bureaux in the Citizens Advice network and assist in the continuing work to develop a strong and sustainable network for Citizens Advice by helping bureaux with their planning and development. You will be working with a national team of Network Development Managers supporting the strategic development of the bureau network and will also be delivering projectbased work both with bureaux and for Citizens Advice including national initiatives. This is an opportunity to use your proven ability in a management role, where you have had responsibility for financial and human resources, strategic planning, organisational development and service delivery. You will possess strong analytical skills, with the ability to solve problems creatively and take a project management approach to the successful implementation of solutions. Citizens Advice values diversity, promotes equality and challenges discrimination. We encourage and welcome applications from people of all backgrounds. We particularly welcome applications from disabled and Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic people, as they are currently under represented in our workforce. Location: Nottingham Office / Home working (Ability to work in Nottinghamshire, Cambridgeshire and Leicestershire) To apply please visit: http://www.citizensadvice.org.uk/index/jobopportunities/jobopps_ca.htm" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00059.txt " Development Manager – Citizens Advice Network" " 69501426" " CITIZENS ADVICE" " The Citizens Advice service helps people resolve their legal, money and other problems by providing information and advice, and by influencing policymakers. At national Citizens Advice we work in close partnership with bureaux to ensure an effective and high quality service for all. This is an exciting opportunity to work as a Network Development Manager and manage our relationship with a number of bureaux in the Citizens Advice network and assist in the continuing work to develop a strong and sustainable network for Citizens Advice by helping bureaux with their planning and development. You will be working with a national team of Network Development Managers supporting the strategic development of the bureau network and will also be delivering projectbased work both with bureaux and for Citizens Advice including national initiatives. This is an opportunity to use your proven ability in a management role, where you have had responsibility for financial and human resources, strategic planning, organisational development and service delivery. You will possess strong analytical skills, with the ability to solve problems creatively and take a project management approach to the successful implementation of solutions. Citizens Advice values diversity, promotes equality and challenges discrimination. We encourage and welcome applications from people of all backgrounds. We particularly welcome applications from disabled and Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic people, as they are currently under represented in our workforce. Location: Nottingham Office / Home working (Ability to work in Nottinghamshire, Cambridgeshire and Leicestershire) To apply please visit: http://www.citizensadvice.org.uk/index/jobopportunities/jobopps_ca.htm" "['citizens', 'advice', 'helps', 'people', 'resolve', 'legal', 'money', 'problems', 'providing', 'information', 'advice', 'influencing', 'national', 'citizens', 'advice', 'close', 'partnership', 'bureaux', 'effective', 'quality', 'exciting', 'network', 'manage', 'relationship', 'number', 'bureaux', 'citizens', 'advice', 'network', 'assist', 'continuing', 'develop', 'sustainable', 'network', 'citizens', 'advice', 'helping', 'bureaux', 'planning', 'national', 'network', 'managers', 'supporting', 'strategic', 'bureau', 'network', 'delivering', 'bureaux', 'citizens', 'advice', 'national', 'initiatives', 'proven', 'responsibility', 'human', 'resources', 'strategic', 'planning', 'organisational', 'delivery', 'possess', 'analytical', 'solve', 'problems', 'project', 'approach', 'implementation', 'solutions', 'citizens', 'advice', 'values', 'diversity', 'promotes', 'equality', 'challenges', 'encourage', 'applications', 'people', 'backgrounds', 'applications', 'disabled', 'black', 'ethnic', 'people', 'represented', 'workforce', 'location', 'nottingham', 'office', 'nottinghamshire', 'cambridgeshire', 'leicestershire', 'visit', 'http', 'www', 'org', 'ca']" Engineering
"Title: Triage Nurse Advisor
Webindex: 70090631
Description: Triage Nurse Advisor Sheffield NHS DIRECT, SHEFFIELD EXPERIENCED NURSE PROFESSIONALS GIVE EXPERT HEALTH ADVICE TO THE NATION Triage Nurse advisors ****  **** per hour NHS Direct (NHSD) are currently recruiting Triage Nurse Advisors in Sheffield. Hays Healthcare are working exclusively with NHS Direct to supply nursing staff nationwide. We are looking for nurses interested in working in Sheffield. Working as a nurse telephone advisor, you will triage calls from the public, nationwide and give health advice, reassurance and information, using decision assist computer software. They will in Feb 2013, after a recruitment assessment and there will be two weeks full time paid training and a further 3 week paid full time preceptorship. This role is up until June 2013. We immediately need experienced nurses to work a minimum of 30 hours per week, for different shifts which include evenings, nights, weekends and public holidays (Easter) Remember, if you know a friend or colleague who might be interested in these roles, refer them to us and earn yourself a **** referral bonus. Please send an up to date CV to apply, or call **** **** for further information." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00613.txt " Triage Nurse Advisor" " 70090631"  " Triage Nurse Advisor Sheffield NHS DIRECT, SHEFFIELD EXPERIENCED NURSE PROFESSIONALS GIVE EXPERT HEALTH ADVICE TO THE NATION Triage Nurse advisors ****  **** per hour NHS Direct (NHSD) are currently recruiting Triage Nurse Advisors in Sheffield. Hays Healthcare are working exclusively with NHS Direct to supply nursing staff nationwide. We are looking for nurses interested in working in Sheffield. Working as a nurse telephone advisor, you will triage calls from the public, nationwide and give health advice, reassurance and information, using decision assist computer software. They will in Feb 2013, after a recruitment assessment and there will be two weeks full time paid training and a further 3 week paid full time preceptorship. This role is up until June 2013. We immediately need experienced nurses to work a minimum of 30 hours per week, for different shifts which include evenings, nights, weekends and public holidays (Easter) Remember, if you know a friend or colleague who might be interested in these roles, refer them to us and earn yourself a **** referral bonus. Please send an up to date CV to apply, or call **** **** for further information." "['triage', 'nurse', 'advisor', 'sheffield', 'nhs', 'direct', 'sheffield', 'experienced', 'nurse', 'professionals', 'give', 'expert', 'health', 'advice', 'triage', 'nurse', 'advisors', 'hour', 'nhs', 'direct', 'recruiting', 'triage', 'nurse', 'advisors', 'sheffield', 'hays', 'healthcare', 'exclusively', 'nhs', 'direct', 'supply', 'nursing', 'nationwide', 'nurses', 'interested', 'sheffield', 'nurse', 'telephone', 'advisor', 'triage', 'calls', 'public', 'nationwide', 'give', 'health', 'advice', 'reassurance', 'information', 'decision', 'assist', 'computer', 'software', 'feb', 'assessment', 'weeks', 'time', 'paid', 'week', 'paid', 'time', 'preceptorship', 'june', 'immediately', 'experienced', 'nurses', 'minimum', 'hours', 'week', 'shifts', 'include', 'evenings', 'nights', 'weekends', 'public', 'holidays', 'remember', 'friend', 'colleague', 'interested', 'roles', 'refer', 'earn', 'referral', 'bonus', 'send', 'date', 'cv', 'call', 'information']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Mechancial Design Engineer Catia V**** Enclosures
Webindex: 69264935
Company: Progressive Recruitment
Description: 6 Month contract Oxford Mechanical design engineer Automotive. A new interesting opportunity has become available with a well establish engineering company based in the Oxfordshire area. You will be required to focus on enclosure design. EXPERIENCE.  Catia V**** experience.  Background in automotive industry.  Plastic injection moulding , castings, enclosures and sheet metal design. Rate: ******** per hour. If you are interested, please use the apply online link below.To find out more about Progressive Recruitment please visit www.progressiverecruitment.com" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00179.txt " Mechancial Design Engineer Catia V**** Enclosures" " 69264935" " Progressive Recruitment" " 6 Month contract Oxford Mechanical design engineer Automotive. A new interesting opportunity has become available with a well establish engineering company based in the Oxfordshire area. You will be required to focus on enclosure design. EXPERIENCE.  Catia V**** experience.  Background in automotive industry.  Plastic injection moulding , castings, enclosures and sheet metal design. Rate: ******** per hour. If you are interested, please use the apply online link below.To find out more about Progressive Recruitment please visit www.progressiverecruitment.com" "['month', 'contract', 'oxford', 'mechanical', 'automotive', 'interesting', 'establish', 'oxfordshire', 'area', 'focus', 'catia', 'background', 'automotive', 'industry', 'plastic', 'injection', 'moulding', 'castings', 'sheet', 'metal', 'rate', 'hour', 'interested', 'online', 'link', 'find', 'progressive', 'visit', 'www', 'progressiverecruitment']" Engineering
"Title: Sales Coordinator
Webindex: 68356152
Company: Office Angels
Description: Our client based in Stockton is looking to recruit a Sales coordinator to assist the back Office Team Leader and UK Supervisor for one or more functional UK and Export sales areas. Duties include To be a contact for dealers in the area, receiving mail and telephone calls To ensure that dealer requests for order placing, quotations, literature and general assistance are acknowledged within 24 hours and responded to in a timely, professional manner. To deal with queries from dealers regarding orders, products and shipments and also regarding price enquiries and sales visits. To monitor orders for accurate ship times and report back to dealers. To pursue feedback with dealers regarding price enquiries and sales visits. To effectively carry out the timely processing of new orders, approval drawings, orderbook management ( ready to ship ) and order archiving. To coordinate export shipments from all production divisions, including quotes, bookings and tracking. To assist in the distribution and monitoring Rework/Remake requests to the relevant production division. Inform the Back Office Team Leader, Supervisor and Sales Manager in a timely manner on relevant facts gathered from correspondence regarding competition, product acceptance, trends in the industry and opportunities for new products. To assist the Back Office Supervisor and Sales Manager and monitor the establishments of new dealers in the Area. To assist with visiting Dealers transportations, training and entertainment as necessary. To liaise with the other coordinators, Back office Supervisor and Sales Managers in this area. To carry out any other reasonable duties requested by the Back Office Team Leader Skills and experience required Previous experience in a commercial sales or customer service environment Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Excellent customercare skills Good working knowledge of MS Word, Excel, recognised email Software Please send your Cv to (url removed) Office Angels are an equal opportunities employer" 3 data/Sales\Job_00728.txt " Sales Coordinator" " 68356152" " Office Angels" " Our client based in Stockton is looking to recruit a Sales coordinator to assist the back Office Team Leader and UK Supervisor for one or more functional UK and Export sales areas. Duties include To be a contact for dealers in the area, receiving mail and telephone calls To ensure that dealer requests for order placing, quotations, literature and general assistance are acknowledged within 24 hours and responded to in a timely, professional manner. To deal with queries from dealers regarding orders, products and shipments and also regarding price enquiries and sales visits. To monitor orders for accurate ship times and report back to dealers. To pursue feedback with dealers regarding price enquiries and sales visits. To effectively carry out the timely processing of new orders, approval drawings, orderbook management ( ready to ship ) and order archiving. To coordinate export shipments from all production divisions, including quotes, bookings and tracking. To assist in the distribution and monitoring Rework/Remake requests to the relevant production division. Inform the Back Office Team Leader, Supervisor and Sales Manager in a timely manner on relevant facts gathered from correspondence regarding competition, product acceptance, trends in the industry and opportunities for new products. To assist the Back Office Supervisor and Sales Manager and monitor the establishments of new dealers in the Area. To assist with visiting Dealers transportations, training and entertainment as necessary. To liaise with the other coordinators, Back office Supervisor and Sales Managers in this area. To carry out any other reasonable duties requested by the Back Office Team Leader Skills and experience required Previous experience in a commercial sales or customer service environment Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Excellent customercare skills Good working knowledge of MS Word, Excel, recognised email Software Please send your Cv to (url removed) Office Angels are an equal opportunities employer" "['stockton', 'recruit', 'coordinator', 'assist', 'back', 'office', 'leader', 'supervisor', 'functional', 'export', 'areas', 'duties', 'include', 'contact', 'dealers', 'area', 'receiving', 'mail', 'telephone', 'calls', 'dealer', 'requests', 'order', 'placing', 'quotations', 'literature', 'general', 'assistance', 'hours', 'responded', 'timely', 'professional', 'manner', 'deal', 'queries', 'dealers', 'orders', 'products', 'shipments', 'price', 'enquiries', 'visits', 'monitor', 'orders', 'accurate', 'ship', 'times', 'report', 'back', 'dealers', 'pursue', 'feedback', 'dealers', 'price', 'enquiries', 'visits', 'effectively', 'carry', 'timely', 'processing', 'orders', 'approval', 'drawings', 'ready', 'ship', 'order', 'archiving', 'coordinate', 'export', 'shipments', 'production', 'divisions', 'quotes', 'bookings', 'tracking', 'assist', 'distribution', 'monitoring', 'rework', 'requests', 'relevant', 'production', 'division', 'inform', 'back', 'office', 'leader', 'supervisor', 'timely', 'manner', 'relevant', 'correspondence', 'competition', 'product', 'acceptance', 'trends', 'industry', 'opportunities', 'products', 'assist', 'back', 'office', 'supervisor', 'monitor', 'establishments', 'dealers', 'area', 'assist', 'visiting', 'dealers', 'entertainment', 'liaise', 'coordinators', 'back', 'office', 'supervisor', 'managers', 'area', 'carry', 'reasonable', 'duties', 'requested', 'back', 'office', 'leader', 'previous', 'commercial', 'environment', 'communication', 'interpersonal', 'ms', 'word', 'excel', 'recognised', 'email', 'software', 'send', 'cv', 'url', 'removed', 'office', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer']" Sales
"Title: Digital Test Engineer
Webindex: 72453749
Company: Enterprise Recruitment
Description: Digital Test Engineer Are you an Digital Test Engineer interested in working for a worldleading manufacturer of highvalue, precision technology? As a Digital Test Engineer, you will be responsible for working on the alignment and testing of analogue and digital electronics modules. In this key role, you will also be responsible for:  Aligning and testing power systems modules from PCB to system level.  Recording and documenting all test data.  Fault diagnosis down to PCB level using lab equipment such as oscilloscopes, DMM`s etc.  Identifying and implementing improved test procedures. The ideal candidate for this role should have:  An HND or degree in Electronics.  At least 2 years experience in testing down to PCB level.  Knowledge of digital/analogue/power electronics  essential. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DigitalTestEngineer_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00164.txt " Digital Test Engineer" " 72453749" " Enterprise Recruitment" " Digital Test Engineer Are you an Digital Test Engineer interested in working for a worldleading manufacturer of highvalue, precision technology? As a Digital Test Engineer, you will be responsible for working on the alignment and testing of analogue and digital electronics modules. In this key role, you will also be responsible for:  Aligning and testing power systems modules from PCB to system level.  Recording and documenting all test data.  Fault diagnosis down to PCB level using lab equipment such as oscilloscopes, DMM`s etc.  Identifying and implementing improved test procedures. The ideal candidate for this role should have:  An HND or degree in Electronics.  At least 2 years experience in testing down to PCB level.  Knowledge of digital/analogue/power electronics  essential. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DigitalTestEngineer_job****" "['digital', 'test', 'digital', 'test', 'interested', 'manufacturer', 'highvalue', 'precision', 'technology', 'digital', 'test', 'responsible', 'alignment', 'testing', 'analogue', 'digital', 'electronics', 'modules', 'key', 'responsible', 'testing', 'power', 'modules', 'pcb', 'system', 'level', 'recording', 'documenting', 'test', 'data', 'fault', 'diagnosis', 'pcb', 'level', 'lab', 'equipment', 'identifying', 'implementing', 'improved', 'test', 'procedures', 'ideal', 'hnd', 'degree', 'electronics', 'years', 'testing', 'pcb', 'level', 'digital', 'analogue', 'power', 'electronics', 'essential', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Deputy Manager / Clinical Lead ****k  Stockbridge  Winchester
Webindex: 71802875
Company: Kare Plus Agencies Limited
Description: CARE HOME DEPUTY MANAGER/ CLINICAL LEAD ****K  This job description is designed to give candidates details of the post and to form an integral part of the Contract of Employment for the Post Holder. Minimum Qualifications: Registered General Nurse/Registered Mental Nurse (as appropriate) Currently registered with NMC Responsible to: Home Manager Hours of duty: ****5 hours per week minimum Objectives of post To implement care home policies formula directed towards high standards of resident care, staff welfare and training, and ensure the good reputation of the business in cooperation with the Home Manager. Functions **** Professional**** Administrative/Managerial**** Personnel**** Education and Training **** Professional Supervise the professional work of staff within the nursing home, in cooperation with the Home Manager in accordance with: a. NMC Code of Conduct. b. Operational Manual of the Care Home. c. Employee Handbook. Assess, plan, implement and evaluate individual care of residents. Ensure treatments are carried out as prescribed. Follow nursing home policy in respect of custody and administration of all drugs. Maintain personal contact with residents, their relatives and visitors to enhance the residents’ quality of life Participate in the evaluation and review of policies and report to the Home Manager matters that effect policy. Take appropriate action in the event of an emergency, in accordance with care home policy. **** Administrative/managerial Assist the Home Manager and deputise in the overall management of the care home as required. Assist in planning workloads and nursing resources as effectively as possible. Assist in maintaining stocks/stores at adequate levels, being mindful of the need for economy and good housekeeping. Ensure the safe care and custody of residents’ property in accordance with care home policy. Report any accident/incident, loss or theft to the Home Manager and complete necessary statements promptly. Ensure that accurate care records are maintained in accordance with agreed policy. **** Personnel Maintain a working knowledge of: The Health & Safety at Work Act The Operational Policies Manual The Employee Handbook Assist with supervision and assessment of junior staff. Assist in staff recruitment. Assist in staff disciplinary procedures as required. **** Education and Training **** Attend study days and courses as appropriate. **** Update clinical knowledge and skills. 3 Participate in inservice training for more junior members of staff. **** Assist in the orientation programmes of all new care staff." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00482.txt " Deputy Manager / Clinical Lead ****k  Stockbridge  Winchester" " 71802875" " Kare Plus Agencies Limited" " CARE HOME DEPUTY MANAGER/ CLINICAL LEAD ****K  This job description is designed to give candidates details of the post and to form an integral part of the Contract of Employment for the Post Holder. Minimum Qualifications: Registered General Nurse/Registered Mental Nurse (as appropriate) Currently registered with NMC Responsible to: Home Manager Hours of duty: ****5 hours per week minimum Objectives of post To implement care home policies formula directed towards high standards of resident care, staff welfare and training, and ensure the good reputation of the business in cooperation with the Home Manager. Functions **** Professional**** Administrative/Managerial**** Personnel**** Education and Training **** Professional Supervise the professional work of staff within the nursing home, in cooperation with the Home Manager in accordance with: a. NMC Code of Conduct. b. Operational Manual of the Care Home. c. Employee Handbook. Assess, plan, implement and evaluate individual care of residents. Ensure treatments are carried out as prescribed. Follow nursing home policy in respect of custody and administration of all drugs. Maintain personal contact with residents, their relatives and visitors to enhance the residents’ quality of life Participate in the evaluation and review of policies and report to the Home Manager matters that effect policy. Take appropriate action in the event of an emergency, in accordance with care home policy. **** Administrative/managerial Assist the Home Manager and deputise in the overall management of the care home as required. Assist in planning workloads and nursing resources as effectively as possible. Assist in maintaining stocks/stores at adequate levels, being mindful of the need for economy and good housekeeping. Ensure the safe care and custody of residents’ property in accordance with care home policy. Report any accident/incident, loss or theft to the Home Manager and complete necessary statements promptly. Ensure that accurate care records are maintained in accordance with agreed policy. **** Personnel Maintain a working knowledge of: The Health & Safety at Work Act The Operational Policies Manual The Employee Handbook Assist with supervision and assessment of junior staff. Assist in staff recruitment. Assist in staff disciplinary procedures as required. **** Education and Training **** Attend study days and courses as appropriate. **** Update clinical knowledge and skills. 3 Participate in inservice training for more junior members of staff. **** Assist in the orientation programmes of all new care staff." "['deputy', 'clinical', 'lead', 'description', 'designed', 'give', 'candidates', 'details', 'post', 'form', 'integral', 'part', 'contract', 'employment', 'post', 'holder', 'minimum', 'qualifications', 'registered', 'general', 'nurse', 'registered', 'mental', 'nurse', 'registered', 'nmc', 'responsible', 'hours', 'duty', 'hours', 'week', 'minimum', 'objectives', 'post', 'implement', 'policies', 'directed', 'standards', 'resident', 'welfare', 'reputation', 'cooperation', 'functions', 'professional', 'administrative', 'managerial', 'personnel', 'education', 'professional', 'supervise', 'professional', 'nursing', 'cooperation', 'accordance', 'nmc', 'code', 'conduct', 'operational', 'manual', 'employee', 'handbook', 'assess', 'plan', 'implement', 'evaluate', 'individual', 'residents', 'treatments', 'carried', 'prescribed', 'follow', 'nursing', 'policy', 'respect', 'custody', 'administration', 'drugs', 'maintain', 'personal', 'contact', 'residents', 'relatives', 'visitors', 'enhance', 'residents', 'quality', 'life', 'participate', 'evaluation', 'review', 'policies', 'report', 'matters', 'effect', 'policy', 'action', 'event', 'emergency', 'accordance', 'policy', 'administrative', 'managerial', 'assist', 'deputise', 'assist', 'planning', 'workloads', 'nursing', 'resources', 'effectively', 'assist', 'maintaining', 'stocks', 'stores', 'adequate', 'levels', 'mindful', 'economy', 'housekeeping', 'safe', 'custody', 'residents', 'property', 'accordance', 'policy', 'report', 'accident', 'incident', 'loss', 'theft', 'complete', 'statements', 'promptly', 'accurate', 'records', 'maintained', 'accordance', 'agreed', 'policy', 'personnel', 'maintain', 'health', 'safety', 'act', 'operational', 'policies', 'manual', 'employee', 'handbook', 'assist', 'supervision', 'assessment', 'junior', 'assist', 'assist', 'disciplinary', 'procedures', 'education', 'attend', 'study', 'days', 'courses', 'update', 'clinical', 'participate', 'inservice', 'junior', 'members', 'assist', 'orientation', 'programmes']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Valuer
Webindex: 68056671
Company: GCB Agency Recruitment
Description: An opportunity has arisen for a Property Valuer in the Liverpool area. Our clients, a leading Estate Agents, are seeking a valuer for their Liverpool based Office. The successful applicant must have Estate Agency experience, excellent sales and customer service skills and have the ability to list houses to a high conversion level In return our clients are offering a basic salary, high commission structure and company car. GCB Agency Recruitment is a specialized Estate Agency and Financial Services recruitment company dealing with all property related recruitment across the UK. We have many different Estate Agent jobs available from Branch Manager, Sales Manager, Property Valuer, Sales Negotiator, Sales Administrator, Lettings Manager, Property Manager, Lettings Negotiator, Lettings Administrator, Land and New Homes Advisors, Mortgage Consultants, Financial Advisors, Secretary and P/A, Inventory Clerk and Financial Administrators. We currently offer Estate Agency and Financial Services vacancies in Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridgeshire, Essex, London, Bedfordshire, Lincolnshire, Nottinghamshire, Derbyshire, Yorkshire, Worcestershire, Bedfordshire, Northamptonshire, Hampshire, Warwickshire, Staffordshire, Hertfordshire and Buckinghamshire For all your Estate Agency and Financial Services needs contact GCB Agency Recruitment This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/Valuer_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00772.txt " Valuer" " 68056671" " GCB Agency Recruitment" " An opportunity has arisen for a Property Valuer in the Liverpool area. Our clients, a leading Estate Agents, are seeking a valuer for their Liverpool based Office. The successful applicant must have Estate Agency experience, excellent sales and customer service skills and have the ability to list houses to a high conversion level In return our clients are offering a basic salary, high commission structure and company car. GCB Agency Recruitment is a specialized Estate Agency and Financial Services recruitment company dealing with all property related recruitment across the UK. We have many different Estate Agent jobs available from Branch Manager, Sales Manager, Property Valuer, Sales Negotiator, Sales Administrator, Lettings Manager, Property Manager, Lettings Negotiator, Lettings Administrator, Land and New Homes Advisors, Mortgage Consultants, Financial Advisors, Secretary and P/A, Inventory Clerk and Financial Administrators. We currently offer Estate Agency and Financial Services vacancies in Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridgeshire, Essex, London, Bedfordshire, Lincolnshire, Nottinghamshire, Derbyshire, Yorkshire, Worcestershire, Bedfordshire, Northamptonshire, Hampshire, Warwickshire, Staffordshire, Hertfordshire and Buckinghamshire For all your Estate Agency and Financial Services needs contact GCB Agency Recruitment This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/Valuer_job****" "['arisen', 'property', 'valuer', 'liverpool', 'area', 'estate', 'agents', 'seeking', 'valuer', 'liverpool', 'office', 'applicant', 'estate', 'agency', 'list', 'houses', 'conversion', 'level', 'return', 'offering', 'basic', 'commission', 'structure', 'car', 'gcb', 'agency', 'specialized', 'estate', 'agency', 'dealing', 'property', 'related', 'estate', 'agent', 'jobs', 'branch', 'property', 'valuer', 'negotiator', 'administrator', 'lettings', 'property', 'lettings', 'negotiator', 'lettings', 'administrator', 'land', 'homes', 'advisors', 'mortgage', 'consultants', 'advisors', 'secretary', 'inventory', 'clerk', 'administrators', 'offer', 'estate', 'agency', 'vacancies', 'norfolk', 'suffolk', 'cambridgeshire', 'essex', 'london', 'bedfordshire', 'lincolnshire', 'nottinghamshire', 'derbyshire', 'yorkshire', 'worcestershire', 'bedfordshire', 'northamptonshire', 'hampshire', 'staffordshire', 'hertfordshire', 'buckinghamshire', 'estate', 'agency', 'contact', 'gcb', 'agency', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking', 'valuer']" Sales
"Title: Controls Engineer, Automation Engineer (FMCG)
Webindex: 70607796
Company: Proactive Technical Recruitment Ltd
Description: Our client is part of a worldwide association of independent pharmaceutical companies that have been developing vital new drugs for more than half a century. Due to rapid expansion they are currently looking for a Controls and Instrument Technician to join the team in Cambridge. BROAD PURPOSE OF JOB: To be responsible for the management of Information Technology controlled production and engineering services equipment. SPECIFIC DUTIES Manage and control the implementation of changes, downloads and upgrades to equipment control systems. Develop and initiate a control system disaster recovery procedure. Be responsible for the disaster recovery system by ensuring all information technology controlled equipment is backed up and categorised. Identify areas of the business where reliability is impacted upon by obsolescence and failure of control systems. Derive solutions in those areas of the business where reliability is impacted upon by obsolescence and failure of control systems. Endeavour to provide innovative solutions to continuous improvement driven tasks Train and develop the fault finding skills of the maintenance electricians on equipment control systems. Be available as an internal consultant on matters concerning equipment control systems. Develop a controls standard as part of Good Engineering Practise. Ensure as far as is possible that there is standardisation with respect to controls systems. Identify areas of the business that can benefit from the implementation of new control technologies. Project Engineering duties: Support Engineering Projects department with installation of new equipment control systems. Support Engineering Projects department with modification of new equipment control systems. Support QA and Validation Engineers with the validation of new equipment control systems. Support QA and Validation Engineers with the validation of modified equipment control systems. Participate in Pre Delivery Inspections, Factory Acceptance Tests, Design Qualifications, Vendor audits and Vendor selection as required. Other duties: Liaise closely with equipment suppliers to resolve controls issues. Ensure that as far as is reasonably practicable that equipment control systems are compliant with the latest Health and Safety requirements. Provide resource for the design and construction of bespoke control systems for critical assets. Carry out any other reasonable task as requested by the Asset Reliability Manager. Essential Skills. Siemens S**** ****/**** experience Experience in frequency inventors Experience in PROFIBUS and/or Ethernet Experience of Editing and Programming HMI using WinCC and WinCC FLEXIBLE This is a day s only role Monday to Friday **** **** The salary is ****K  benefits. If you would like to apply for this position please call Gary Carter on (Apply online only) or email your CV to the email below" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00046.txt " Controls Engineer, Automation Engineer (FMCG)" " 70607796" " Proactive Technical Recruitment Ltd" " Our client is part of a worldwide association of independent pharmaceutical companies that have been developing vital new drugs for more than half a century. Due to rapid expansion they are currently looking for a Controls and Instrument Technician to join the team in Cambridge. BROAD PURPOSE OF JOB: To be responsible for the management of Information Technology controlled production and engineering services equipment. SPECIFIC DUTIES Manage and control the implementation of changes, downloads and upgrades to equipment control systems. Develop and initiate a control system disaster recovery procedure. Be responsible for the disaster recovery system by ensuring all information technology controlled equipment is backed up and categorised. Identify areas of the business where reliability is impacted upon by obsolescence and failure of control systems. Derive solutions in those areas of the business where reliability is impacted upon by obsolescence and failure of control systems. Endeavour to provide innovative solutions to continuous improvement driven tasks Train and develop the fault finding skills of the maintenance electricians on equipment control systems. Be available as an internal consultant on matters concerning equipment control systems. Develop a controls standard as part of Good Engineering Practise. Ensure as far as is possible that there is standardisation with respect to controls systems. Identify areas of the business that can benefit from the implementation of new control technologies. Project Engineering duties: Support Engineering Projects department with installation of new equipment control systems. Support Engineering Projects department with modification of new equipment control systems. Support QA and Validation Engineers with the validation of new equipment control systems. Support QA and Validation Engineers with the validation of modified equipment control systems. Participate in Pre Delivery Inspections, Factory Acceptance Tests, Design Qualifications, Vendor audits and Vendor selection as required. Other duties: Liaise closely with equipment suppliers to resolve controls issues. Ensure that as far as is reasonably practicable that equipment control systems are compliant with the latest Health and Safety requirements. Provide resource for the design and construction of bespoke control systems for critical assets. Carry out any other reasonable task as requested by the Asset Reliability Manager. Essential Skills. Siemens S**** ****/**** experience Experience in frequency inventors Experience in PROFIBUS and/or Ethernet Experience of Editing and Programming HMI using WinCC and WinCC FLEXIBLE This is a day s only role Monday to Friday **** **** The salary is ****K  benefits. If you would like to apply for this position please call Gary Carter on (Apply online only) or email your CV to the email below" "['part', 'worldwide', 'association', 'independent', 'pharmaceutical', 'companies', 'developing', 'vital', 'drugs', 'half', 'century', 'due', 'rapid', 'expansion', 'controls', 'instrument', 'technician', 'cambridge', 'broad', 'purpose', 'responsible', 'information', 'technology', 'controlled', 'production', 'equipment', 'specific', 'duties', 'manage', 'control', 'implementation', 'upgrades', 'equipment', 'control', 'develop', 'initiate', 'control', 'system', 'disaster', 'recovery', 'procedure', 'responsible', 'disaster', 'recovery', 'system', 'ensuring', 'information', 'technology', 'controlled', 'equipment', 'backed', 'identify', 'areas', 'reliability', 'impacted', 'obsolescence', 'failure', 'control', 'derive', 'solutions', 'areas', 'reliability', 'impacted', 'obsolescence', 'failure', 'control', 'endeavour', 'innovative', 'solutions', 'continuous', 'improvement', 'driven', 'tasks', 'train', 'develop', 'fault', 'finding', 'maintenance', 'electricians', 'equipment', 'control', 'internal', 'consultant', 'matters', 'equipment', 'control', 'develop', 'controls', 'standard', 'part', 'practise', 'respect', 'controls', 'identify', 'areas', 'benefit', 'implementation', 'control', 'technologies', 'project', 'duties', 'projects', 'department', 'installation', 'equipment', 'control', 'projects', 'department', 'modification', 'equipment', 'control', 'qa', 'validation', 'engineers', 'validation', 'equipment', 'control', 'qa', 'validation', 'engineers', 'validation', 'modified', 'equipment', 'control', 'participate', 'pre', 'delivery', 'inspections', 'factory', 'acceptance', 'tests', 'qualifications', 'vendor', 'audits', 'vendor', 'selection', 'duties', 'liaise', 'closely', 'equipment', 'suppliers', 'resolve', 'controls', 'issues', 'equipment', 'control', 'compliant', 'latest', 'health', 'safety', 'requirements', 'resource', 'construction', 'bespoke', 'control', 'critical', 'assets', 'carry', 'reasonable', 'task', 'requested', 'asset', 'reliability', 'essential', 'siemens', 'frequency', 'profibus', 'ethernet', 'editing', 'programming', 'hmi', 'wincc', 'wincc', 'flexible', 'day', 'monday', 'friday', 'benefits', 'call', 'gary', 'online', 'email', 'cv', 'email']" Engineering
"Title: Contract Manager (manufacturing)
Webindex: 72379491
Description: Duration: PERM Skills: Contract, Manager Description: d Job Title: Contract Manager (Manufacturing) Location: Norwich Salary: Very Competitive Contract Manager Main Purpose To act as the main focus and internal driver for all contracts allocated to the contract manager. To be the sole internal and customer point of contract driving the contract to budgeted costs and time scales, undertaking all communications in the course of the contract and resolving any contractual issues that may arise to maximise contract profitability and ensure timely cash collection. Duties Responsibilities **** To act as the main focus for all communications with the customer s or his nominated representatives, maintaining a professional discipline in all dealings. **** To monitor, liaise and manage all aspects of contract either directly or with reference to line managers in other departments. **** To receive from Sales staff the complete tender file with all relevant documents and to undertake a review of contract requirements either independently or during initial contract handover. **** To ensure that all order entry forms and business system entries are correct and highlight/correct any errors. **** To generate contract programmes based on Manufacturing / Engineering information, and to monitor progress against the programme, reporting as required by the contract or agreement with the customer. **** To set or recommend any actions needed to recover an out of budget situation either in time scale or financial. **** To attend any internal meetings relevant to the contracts allocated. **** To receive customers for the purposes of review meetings, progress meetings, witness testing or any other relevant visit. **** To attend at the customer s premises as short notice for any necessary meetings at home or abroad as the need arises. **** To resolve any contractual dispute if any arise with the client as the main customer contract and responsible manager **** To maintain Contract Status reports and to highlight deviations from the estimated labour and material budgets immediately to line managers **** To report on any perceived shortfall in our products and services, whether through price, performance, applications support or other factors so that action can be taken to minimise adverse sales effects. **** To comply personally with all Company Health Safety regulations on and offsite. **** To assist with any other reasonable duties that may be requested from time to time. Benefits: PACKAGE" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00021.txt " Contract Manager (manufacturing)" " 72379491"  " Duration: PERM Skills: Contract, Manager Description: d Job Title: Contract Manager (Manufacturing) Location: Norwich Salary: Very Competitive Contract Manager Main Purpose To act as the main focus and internal driver for all contracts allocated to the contract manager. To be the sole internal and customer point of contract driving the contract to budgeted costs and time scales, undertaking all communications in the course of the contract and resolving any contractual issues that may arise to maximise contract profitability and ensure timely cash collection. Duties Responsibilities **** To act as the main focus for all communications with the customer s or his nominated representatives, maintaining a professional discipline in all dealings. **** To monitor, liaise and manage all aspects of contract either directly or with reference to line managers in other departments. **** To receive from Sales staff the complete tender file with all relevant documents and to undertake a review of contract requirements either independently or during initial contract handover. **** To ensure that all order entry forms and business system entries are correct and highlight/correct any errors. **** To generate contract programmes based on Manufacturing / Engineering information, and to monitor progress against the programme, reporting as required by the contract or agreement with the customer. **** To set or recommend any actions needed to recover an out of budget situation either in time scale or financial. **** To attend any internal meetings relevant to the contracts allocated. **** To receive customers for the purposes of review meetings, progress meetings, witness testing or any other relevant visit. **** To attend at the customer s premises as short notice for any necessary meetings at home or abroad as the need arises. **** To resolve any contractual dispute if any arise with the client as the main customer contract and responsible manager **** To maintain Contract Status reports and to highlight deviations from the estimated labour and material budgets immediately to line managers **** To report on any perceived shortfall in our products and services, whether through price, performance, applications support or other factors so that action can be taken to minimise adverse sales effects. **** To comply personally with all Company Health Safety regulations on and offsite. **** To assist with any other reasonable duties that may be requested from time to time. Benefits: PACKAGE" "['duration', 'perm', 'contract', 'description', 'title', 'contract', 'manufacturing', 'location', 'norwich', 'competitive', 'contract', 'main', 'purpose', 'act', 'main', 'focus', 'internal', 'driver', 'contracts', 'allocated', 'contract', 'sole', 'internal', 'point', 'contract', 'driving', 'contract', 'budgeted', 'costs', 'time', 'scales', 'undertaking', 'communications', 'contract', 'resolving', 'contractual', 'issues', 'arise', 'maximise', 'contract', 'profitability', 'timely', 'cash', 'collection', 'duties', 'responsibilities', 'act', 'main', 'focus', 'communications', 'representatives', 'maintaining', 'professional', 'discipline', 'dealings', 'monitor', 'liaise', 'manage', 'aspects', 'contract', 'directly', 'reference', 'line', 'managers', 'departments', 'receive', 'complete', 'tender', 'file', 'relevant', 'documents', 'undertake', 'review', 'contract', 'requirements', 'independently', 'initial', 'contract', 'handover', 'order', 'entry', 'forms', 'system', 'entries', 'correct', 'highlight', 'correct', 'errors', 'generate', 'contract', 'programmes', 'manufacturing', 'information', 'monitor', 'progress', 'programme', 'reporting', 'contract', 'agreement', 'set', 'recommend', 'actions', 'needed', 'budget', 'situation', 'time', 'scale', 'attend', 'internal', 'meetings', 'relevant', 'contracts', 'allocated', 'receive', 'customers', 'purposes', 'review', 'meetings', 'progress', 'meetings', 'testing', 'relevant', 'visit', 'attend', 'premises', 'short', 'notice', 'meetings', 'abroad', 'resolve', 'contractual', 'dispute', 'arise', 'main', 'contract', 'responsible', 'maintain', 'contract', 'status', 'reports', 'highlight', 'deviations', 'estimated', 'labour', 'material', 'budgets', 'immediately', 'line', 'managers', 'report', 'products', 'price', 'performance', 'applications', 'factors', 'action', 'minimise', 'comply', 'personally', 'health', 'safety', 'regulations', 'offsite', 'assist', 'reasonable', 'duties', 'requested', 'time', 'time', 'benefits', 'package']" Engineering
"Title: Orthopaedic Clinical Nurse Specialist
Webindex: 72609591
Company: HCL Permanent
Description: HCL Permanent requires a Clinical Nurse Specialist in Orthopaedics. A fantastic opportunity has arisen working for our client in Central London. Responsibility: Educational resource for patients and their families Support implementation of new services Identify areas of service development Accountable for clinical practice within your clinical area Deliver the highest level of nursing care. Requirements: NMC registration Post registration experience  3 years Senior Level nursing in Orthopaedics. Orthopaedic post grad qualification Mentorship course Audit and management experience Ability to work independently and as part of a team. This is a fantastic opportunity to work for a internationally recognised hospital. For more information please contact Stephanie Thunder at HCL Permanent on **** **** **** Email: stephanie.thunderhclplc.com" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00614.txt " Orthopaedic Clinical Nurse Specialist" " 72609591" " HCL Permanent" " HCL Permanent requires a Clinical Nurse Specialist in Orthopaedics. A fantastic opportunity has arisen working for our client in Central London. Responsibility: Educational resource for patients and their families Support implementation of new services Identify areas of service development Accountable for clinical practice within your clinical area Deliver the highest level of nursing care. Requirements: NMC registration Post registration experience  3 years Senior Level nursing in Orthopaedics. Orthopaedic post grad qualification Mentorship course Audit and management experience Ability to work independently and as part of a team. This is a fantastic opportunity to work for a internationally recognised hospital. For more information please contact Stephanie Thunder at HCL Permanent on **** **** **** Email: stephanie.thunderhclplc.com" "['hcl', 'permanent', 'requires', 'clinical', 'nurse', 'specialist', 'orthopaedics', 'fantastic', 'arisen', 'central', 'london', 'responsibility', 'educational', 'resource', 'patients', 'families', 'implementation', 'identify', 'areas', 'accountable', 'clinical', 'practice', 'clinical', 'area', 'deliver', 'highest', 'level', 'nursing', 'requirements', 'nmc', 'registration', 'post', 'registration', 'years', 'senior', 'level', 'nursing', 'orthopaedics', 'orthopaedic', 'post', 'qualification', 'mentorship', 'audit', 'independently', 'part', 'fantastic', 'internationally', 'recognised', 'hospital', 'information', 'contact', 'stephanie', 'hcl', 'permanent', 'email', 'stephanie']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Infrastructure Project Manager ( Investment Banking )
Webindex: 71711622
Description: Infrastructure Project Manager currently required on a Contract basis for a Tier One Investment Bank. The ideal candidate will come from a strong technical background and have experience in managing external vendors and consultants. You must have experience with: Both development and infrastructure experience (all disciplines and platforms) Experience of IT in a trading room environment Experience of Investment Business Systems environments Project Manager level with appropriate business and/or technical experience Understanding of Servers/Networks/Application design and Datacenters 5  Years Proven Project Management experience of multimillion pound programs In depth knowledge of Datacentre Operations, M E , management, Servers hardware and SAN Storage. You must have extensive experience working within a project management function and have prior experience working within the financial services." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00397.txt " Infrastructure Project Manager ( Investment Banking )" " 71711622"  " Infrastructure Project Manager currently required on a Contract basis for a Tier One Investment Bank. The ideal candidate will come from a strong technical background and have experience in managing external vendors and consultants. You must have experience with: Both development and infrastructure experience (all disciplines and platforms) Experience of IT in a trading room environment Experience of Investment Business Systems environments Project Manager level with appropriate business and/or technical experience Understanding of Servers/Networks/Application design and Datacenters 5  Years Proven Project Management experience of multimillion pound programs In depth knowledge of Datacentre Operations, M E , management, Servers hardware and SAN Storage. You must have extensive experience working within a project management function and have prior experience working within the financial services." "['infrastructure', 'project', 'contract', 'basis', 'tier', 'investment', 'bank', 'ideal', 'technical', 'background', 'managing', 'external', 'vendors', 'consultants', 'infrastructure', 'disciplines', 'platforms', 'trading', 'room', 'environment', 'investment', 'environments', 'project', 'level', 'technical', 'understanding', 'servers', 'networks', 'application', 'years', 'proven', 'project', 'multimillion', 'pound', 'programs', 'depth', 'operations', 'servers', 'hardware', 'san', 'storage', 'extensive', 'project', 'function', 'prior']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Credit Controller  Part Time
Webindex: 68709520
Company: Clarity Appointments
Description: Clarity is delighted to be working with this prestigious, International organisation to assist them in their search for an experienced Credit Controller to cover a 4 week period, 3 days per week, starting immediately. This is a fantastic opportunity to work for a large, well known company who offer great working conditions. Responsibilities will include: • To manage and maintain collections for approximately $****5m worth of international accounts • Provide consistent and regular updates to Team Leader, • Assist in query resolution • Manage day to day collection issues • General credit control and cash collection • Managing the day to day cash updates/bank reconciliations in the absence of the Team Leader. You will need to have at least 1 year’s credit control experience, excellent communication skills (both written and verbal). Temps working for Clarity Appointments receive competitive rates of pay, holiday pay, the support of a dedicated Consultant and have the reassurance that Clarity is a member of the Recruitment Employment Confederation (REC). Due to the high volume of applications currently being received we regret that we are unable to make contact with all unsuccessful applicants, nor provide specific feedback. Clarity Appointments Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CreditControllerPartTime_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00420.txt " Credit Controller  Part Time" " 68709520" " Clarity Appointments" " Clarity is delighted to be working with this prestigious, International organisation to assist them in their search for an experienced Credit Controller to cover a 4 week period, 3 days per week, starting immediately. This is a fantastic opportunity to work for a large, well known company who offer great working conditions. Responsibilities will include: • To manage and maintain collections for approximately $****5m worth of international accounts • Provide consistent and regular updates to Team Leader, • Assist in query resolution • Manage day to day collection issues • General credit control and cash collection • Managing the day to day cash updates/bank reconciliations in the absence of the Team Leader. You will need to have at least 1 year’s credit control experience, excellent communication skills (both written and verbal). Temps working for Clarity Appointments receive competitive rates of pay, holiday pay, the support of a dedicated Consultant and have the reassurance that Clarity is a member of the Recruitment Employment Confederation (REC). Due to the high volume of applications currently being received we regret that we are unable to make contact with all unsuccessful applicants, nor provide specific feedback. Clarity Appointments Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CreditControllerPartTime_job****" "['clarity', 'delighted', 'prestigious', 'international', 'organisation', 'assist', 'search', 'experienced', 'credit', 'controller', 'cover', 'week', 'period', 'days', 'week', 'starting', 'immediately', 'fantastic', 'large', 'offer', 'great', 'conditions', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'manage', 'maintain', 'collections', 'approximately', 'worth', 'international', 'accounts', 'consistent', 'regular', 'updates', 'leader', 'assist', 'resolution', 'manage', 'day', 'day', 'collection', 'issues', 'general', 'credit', 'control', 'cash', 'collection', 'managing', 'day', 'day', 'cash', 'updates', 'bank', 'reconciliations', 'absence', 'leader', 'year', 'credit', 'control', 'communication', 'written', 'verbal', 'clarity', 'appointments', 'receive', 'competitive', 'rates', 'pay', 'holiday', 'pay', 'dedicated', 'consultant', 'reassurance', 'clarity', 'member', 'employment', 'confederation', 'rec', 'due', 'volume', 'applications', 'received', 'regret', 'unable', 'make', 'contact', 'unsuccessful', 'applicants', 'specific', 'feedback', 'clarity', 'appointments', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'vacancy', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Manual Turner
Webindex: 71125587
Company: The Best Connection
Description: Our client, a busy subcontracting aerospace engineering company, is looking for a Manual Turner to work in the Poole area. Description: This position will involve manually turning components. Onsite parking facilities are available. Requirements: Applicants should have previously held a similar role within an engineering firm. Hours: Monday to Friday 8am4.30pm. Pay: **** per hour. Overtime payable at time and a half. This is a temporary job, with the possibility of being offered a permanent or contract position by the client" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00148.txt " Manual Turner" " 71125587" " The Best Connection" " Our client, a busy subcontracting aerospace engineering company, is looking for a Manual Turner to work in the Poole area. Description: This position will involve manually turning components. Onsite parking facilities are available. Requirements: Applicants should have previously held a similar role within an engineering firm. Hours: Monday to Friday 8am4.30pm. Pay: **** per hour. Overtime payable at time and a half. This is a temporary job, with the possibility of being offered a permanent or contract position by the client" "['busy', 'aerospace', 'manual', 'turner', 'poole', 'area', 'description', 'involve', 'manually', 'turning', 'components', 'onsite', 'parking', 'facilities', 'requirements', 'applicants', 'previously', 'held', 'similar', 'firm', 'hours', 'monday', 'friday', 'pm', 'pay', 'hour', 'overtime', 'payable', 'time', 'half', 'temporary', 'possibility', 'offered', 'permanent', 'contract']" Engineering
"Title: RGN Prison Nurse Job Hull
Webindex: 46626933
Description: RGN Prison Nurse Job Hull An exciting opportunity for an RGN has arisen to work within a prison environment in Hull . The post is full time – consisting of 3 shifts (****:**** – ****:****hrs) (****:**** – ****:****) consisting of long days and  day – (no nights) ) Also you will be required to work **** in 2 weekends where hours would be (****:**** – ****:****) The successful post holder must be a qualified Registered General Nurse. My client is looking for a highly motivated and enthusiastic person to work within the team. Previous experience in a secure/A & E/Triage environment would be desirable but not essential." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00476.txt " RGN Prison Nurse Job Hull" " 46626933"  " RGN Prison Nurse Job Hull An exciting opportunity for an RGN has arisen to work within a prison environment in Hull . The post is full time – consisting of 3 shifts (****:**** – ****:****hrs) (****:**** – ****:****) consisting of long days and  day – (no nights) ) Also you will be required to work **** in 2 weekends where hours would be (****:**** – ****:****) The successful post holder must be a qualified Registered General Nurse. My client is looking for a highly motivated and enthusiastic person to work within the team. Previous experience in a secure/A & E/Triage environment would be desirable but not essential." "['rgn', 'prison', 'nurse', 'hull', 'exciting', 'rgn', 'arisen', 'prison', 'environment', 'hull', 'post', 'time', 'consisting', 'shifts', 'hrs', 'consisting', 'long', 'days', 'day', 'nights', 'weekends', 'hours', 'post', 'holder', 'qualified', 'registered', 'general', 'nurse', 'highly', 'motivated', 'enthusiastic', 'person', 'previous', 'secure', 'triage', 'environment', 'desirable', 'essential']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Business Performance Manager
Webindex: 68691974
Company: Morgan Mckinley Group Ltd
Description: Business Performance Manager near Chertsey. Excellent opportunity to work for a major FMCG brand. As Business Performance Manager you will report directly into the Finance Director and work closely with the Divisional Managing Director. You will have full responsibility for the analysis and reporting of operational, financial and KPI data for the business unit working closely with key stakeholders and internal customers. The role includes but is not limited to: Take ownership of the analysis of MI information and dealing with queries as they arise Producing reports on KPI information and presenting back to senior management team Provide insight and recommendation Develop benchmarks Ideally you will be ACA Qualified although other relevant Qualifications will be taken into consideration and have a strong background in Commercial roles. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessPerformanceManager_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00266.txt " Business Performance Manager" " 68691974" " Morgan Mckinley Group Ltd" " Business Performance Manager near Chertsey. Excellent opportunity to work for a major FMCG brand. As Business Performance Manager you will report directly into the Finance Director and work closely with the Divisional Managing Director. You will have full responsibility for the analysis and reporting of operational, financial and KPI data for the business unit working closely with key stakeholders and internal customers. The role includes but is not limited to: Take ownership of the analysis of MI information and dealing with queries as they arise Producing reports on KPI information and presenting back to senior management team Provide insight and recommendation Develop benchmarks Ideally you will be ACA Qualified although other relevant Qualifications will be taken into consideration and have a strong background in Commercial roles. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessPerformanceManager_job****" "['performance', 'major', 'fmcg', 'brand', 'performance', 'report', 'directly', 'finance', 'director', 'closely', 'divisional', 'managing', 'director', 'responsibility', 'analysis', 'reporting', 'operational', 'kpi', 'data', 'unit', 'closely', 'key', 'stakeholders', 'internal', 'customers', 'includes', 'limited', 'ownership', 'analysis', 'mi', 'information', 'dealing', 'queries', 'arise', 'producing', 'reports', 'kpi', 'information', 'presenting', 'back', 'senior', 'insight', 'recommendation', 'develop', 'ideally', 'aca', 'qualified', 'relevant', 'qualifications', 'consideration', 'background', 'commercial', 'roles', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Machine Sales Rep  Construction Equipment (Uncapped OTE)
Webindex: 71848552
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: Machine Sales Rep  Construction Equipment ( Uncapped OTE) Slough, Berkshire (office / field based, covering International Territories) ****  **** (Uncapped OTE) Plus Fully Expensed International Travel, Pension Based in Slough, our client is one of the largest Caterpillar dealers in the world. Acting as their official dealer for East and West Africa, the Middle East and Western Siberia, they offer their customers a complete range of power generation, construction, mining and materials handling equipment. Growing at a rate 20% yearonyear, in emerging markets, our client has plans to double in size over the next five years. An opportunity now has arisen for a Machine Sales Rep to join their team. This is the ideal role for a high calibre sales professional with a proven track record in heavy construction environment looking to develop their career with a multinational company. This is the perfect opportunity to sell premium products for a recognised Caterpillar dealer whilst benefitting from extensive international travel. As a Machine Sales Rep, you will be responsible for to selling Caterpillar construction equipment across international markets. You will study the market, analyse possibilities and collect information regarding the demand for the product. In this key role, you will determine potential and prospective customers. You will also prepare contracts from inception to execution. This will include defining type of contract, discussing terms and conditions of the supply, producing documentation, solving discrepancies and analysing documentation of the customer. Your other duties will include:  Organising an accurate and uptodate computerised customer database  Keeping in regular contact with the customers, reviewing the contract terms and preparing documentation for renewal  Analysing volume of sales and reporting to the Head of the Department  Preparing and participating in fairs, tenders, and exhibitions To be considered, you must have at least three years' experience of selling heavy construction equipment. As a Machine Sales Rep, you must possess excellent communication, presentation and negotiation skills. Equally important is your ability to work under pressure and problem solving attributes. Whilst not essential, knowledge of Caterpillar products would beneficial to your application, as would an engineering background. An engineering degree or qualification would also be advantageous. To apply for the role of Machine Sales Rep (Construction Equipment), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Machine Sales Rep, Construction Equipment, Regional Field Sales Executive, Regional Business Development Executive, Business Development Executive, Business Development Manager, BDM, Sales Executive, Field Sales Representative, Area Sales Executive, Construction Sales Executive. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MachineSalesRepConstructionEquipmentUncappedOTE_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00662.txt " Machine Sales Rep  Construction Equipment (Uncapped OTE)" " 71848552" " Web Recruit Ltd" " Machine Sales Rep  Construction Equipment ( Uncapped OTE) Slough, Berkshire (office / field based, covering International Territories) ****  **** (Uncapped OTE) Plus Fully Expensed International Travel, Pension Based in Slough, our client is one of the largest Caterpillar dealers in the world. Acting as their official dealer for East and West Africa, the Middle East and Western Siberia, they offer their customers a complete range of power generation, construction, mining and materials handling equipment. Growing at a rate 20% yearonyear, in emerging markets, our client has plans to double in size over the next five years. An opportunity now has arisen for a Machine Sales Rep to join their team. This is the ideal role for a high calibre sales professional with a proven track record in heavy construction environment looking to develop their career with a multinational company. This is the perfect opportunity to sell premium products for a recognised Caterpillar dealer whilst benefitting from extensive international travel. As a Machine Sales Rep, you will be responsible for to selling Caterpillar construction equipment across international markets. You will study the market, analyse possibilities and collect information regarding the demand for the product. In this key role, you will determine potential and prospective customers. You will also prepare contracts from inception to execution. This will include defining type of contract, discussing terms and conditions of the supply, producing documentation, solving discrepancies and analysing documentation of the customer. Your other duties will include:  Organising an accurate and uptodate computerised customer database  Keeping in regular contact with the customers, reviewing the contract terms and preparing documentation for renewal  Analysing volume of sales and reporting to the Head of the Department  Preparing and participating in fairs, tenders, and exhibitions To be considered, you must have at least three years' experience of selling heavy construction equipment. As a Machine Sales Rep, you must possess excellent communication, presentation and negotiation skills. Equally important is your ability to work under pressure and problem solving attributes. Whilst not essential, knowledge of Caterpillar products would beneficial to your application, as would an engineering background. An engineering degree or qualification would also be advantageous. To apply for the role of Machine Sales Rep (Construction Equipment), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Machine Sales Rep, Construction Equipment, Regional Field Sales Executive, Regional Business Development Executive, Business Development Executive, Business Development Manager, BDM, Sales Executive, Field Sales Representative, Area Sales Executive, Construction Sales Executive. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MachineSalesRepConstructionEquipmentUncappedOTE_job****" "['machine', 'rep', 'construction', 'equipment', 'uncapped', 'ote', 'slough', 'berkshire', 'office', 'field', 'covering', 'international', 'territories', 'uncapped', 'ote', 'fully', 'expensed', 'international', 'travel', 'pension', 'slough', 'largest', 'caterpillar', 'dealers', 'world', 'acting', 'official', 'dealer', 'east', 'west', 'africa', 'middle', 'east', 'western', 'siberia', 'offer', 'customers', 'complete', 'range', 'power', 'generation', 'construction', 'mining', 'materials', 'handling', 'equipment', 'growing', 'rate', 'yearonyear', 'emerging', 'markets', 'plans', 'double', 'size', 'years', 'arisen', 'machine', 'rep', 'ideal', 'calibre', 'professional', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'heavy', 'construction', 'environment', 'develop', 'career', 'multinational', 'perfect', 'sell', 'premium', 'products', 'recognised', 'caterpillar', 'dealer', 'whilst', 'extensive', 'international', 'travel', 'machine', 'rep', 'responsible', 'selling', 'caterpillar', 'construction', 'equipment', 'international', 'markets', 'study', 'market', 'analyse', 'possibilities', 'collect', 'information', 'demand', 'product', 'key', 'determine', 'potential', 'prospective', 'customers', 'prepare', 'contracts', 'inception', 'execution', 'include', 'defining', 'type', 'contract', 'discussing', 'terms', 'conditions', 'supply', 'producing', 'documentation', 'solving', 'discrepancies', 'analysing', 'documentation', 'duties', 'include', 'organising', 'accurate', 'uptodate', 'computerised', 'database', 'keeping', 'regular', 'contact', 'customers', 'reviewing', 'contract', 'terms', 'preparing', 'documentation', 'renewal', 'analysing', 'volume', 'reporting', 'head', 'department', 'preparing', 'participating', 'fairs', 'tenders', 'exhibitions', 'considered', 'years', 'selling', 'heavy', 'construction', 'equipment', 'machine', 'rep', 'possess', 'communication', 'presentation', 'negotiation', 'equally', 'important', 'pressure', 'problem', 'solving', 'attributes', 'whilst', 'essential', 'caterpillar', 'products', 'beneficial', 'application', 'background', 'degree', 'qualification', 'advantageous', 'machine', 'rep', 'construction', 'equipment', 'button', 'shown', 'vacancy', 'advertised', 'web', 'recruit', 'advertised', 'web', 'recruit', 'employment', 'agency', 'additional', 'keywords', 'machine', 'rep', 'construction', 'equipment', 'regional', 'field', 'executive', 'regional', 'executive', 'executive', 'bdm', 'executive', 'field', 'representative', 'area', 'executive', 'construction', 'executive', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Practice nurse
Webindex: 69973695
Company: Impress Recruitment
Description: Our client is a primary care service provider; we are seeking an experienced Practice Nurse.This employer is patient and GP focused and delivers high quality care along with a wide variety of services tailored to patient needs at each of their surgeries. Their board and management team have substantial experience of managing major public and private organisations and of bringing first class clinical services and skills mix to primary care. As a dynamic, independent provider, our client is revolutionising the delivery of Primary Care through innovative, patient focused healthcare solutions. They are seeking to recruit a highly motivated and committed Practice Nurse on a parttime 12 hours per week basis. So please call TODAY if you are interested." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00514.txt " Practice nurse" " 69973695" " Impress Recruitment" " Our client is a primary care service provider; we are seeking an experienced Practice Nurse.This employer is patient and GP focused and delivers high quality care along with a wide variety of services tailored to patient needs at each of their surgeries. Their board and management team have substantial experience of managing major public and private organisations and of bringing first class clinical services and skills mix to primary care. As a dynamic, independent provider, our client is revolutionising the delivery of Primary Care through innovative, patient focused healthcare solutions. They are seeking to recruit a highly motivated and committed Practice Nurse on a parttime 12 hours per week basis. So please call TODAY if you are interested." "['primary', 'provider', 'seeking', 'experienced', 'practice', 'nurse', 'employer', 'patient', 'gp', 'focused', 'delivers', 'quality', 'wide', 'variety', 'tailored', 'patient', 'board', 'substantial', 'managing', 'major', 'public', 'private', 'organisations', 'bringing', 'class', 'clinical', 'mix', 'primary', 'dynamic', 'independent', 'provider', 'delivery', 'primary', 'innovative', 'patient', 'focused', 'healthcare', 'solutions', 'seeking', 'recruit', 'highly', 'motivated', 'committed', 'practice', 'nurse', 'parttime', 'hours', 'week', 'basis', 'call', 'today', 'interested']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Sales Manager  IT / Telecoms
Webindex: 68256016
Description: Our client is a Yorkshire based well established Telecoms Data convergence solutions reseller. The company has an excellent story of growth and success installing, maintaining and supporting Telecoms, PABX, CTI, VOIP and IT/Data solutions including PC's and Servers for SME Businesses. As part of their expansion plan, they now seek an experienced Sales Manager to join the team. It is essential for this role that the successful candidate has a proven track record of Sales Management preferably within the Telecoms IT industry. This key role will entail, taking control of a young team (currently **** individuals, a mix of field sales, internal sales telesales) that still requires some development and managing and motivating to achieve a group target and for individuals to achieve their own targets. The role will report into the Board of Directors and for the right candidate there is potential to progress to Sales Director. The Sales Manager will play a pivotal part in shaping the focus and structure of the Sales Team and the Company's approach to market. The company require an 'ambitious' individual to match the company's vision for growing. Benefits: Basic Salary would be up to ****k depending on experience OTE up to ****K  Car Allowance." 3 data/Sales\Job_00773.txt " Sales Manager  IT / Telecoms" " 68256016"  " Our client is a Yorkshire based well established Telecoms Data convergence solutions reseller. The company has an excellent story of growth and success installing, maintaining and supporting Telecoms, PABX, CTI, VOIP and IT/Data solutions including PC's and Servers for SME Businesses. As part of their expansion plan, they now seek an experienced Sales Manager to join the team. It is essential for this role that the successful candidate has a proven track record of Sales Management preferably within the Telecoms IT industry. This key role will entail, taking control of a young team (currently **** individuals, a mix of field sales, internal sales telesales) that still requires some development and managing and motivating to achieve a group target and for individuals to achieve their own targets. The role will report into the Board of Directors and for the right candidate there is potential to progress to Sales Director. The Sales Manager will play a pivotal part in shaping the focus and structure of the Sales Team and the Company's approach to market. The company require an 'ambitious' individual to match the company's vision for growing. Benefits: Basic Salary would be up to ****k depending on experience OTE up to ****K  Car Allowance." "['yorkshire', 'established', 'telecoms', 'data', 'convergence', 'solutions', 'reseller', 'story', 'growth', 'success', 'installing', 'maintaining', 'supporting', 'telecoms', 'data', 'solutions', 'servers', 'sme', 'businesses', 'part', 'expansion', 'plan', 'seek', 'experienced', 'essential', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'preferably', 'telecoms', 'industry', 'key', 'entail', 'taking', 'control', 'young', 'individuals', 'mix', 'field', 'internal', 'telesales', 'requires', 'managing', 'motivating', 'achieve', 'group', 'target', 'individuals', 'achieve', 'targets', 'report', 'board', 'directors', 'potential', 'progress', 'director', 'play', 'pivotal', 'part', 'shaping', 'focus', 'structure', ""company's"", 'approach', 'market', 'require', 'ambitious', 'individual', 'match', ""company's"", 'vision', 'growing', 'benefits', 'basic', 'depending', 'ote', 'car', 'allowance']" Sales
"Title: Senior Nurse (RGN)  Richmond
Webindex: 69580237
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Clinical Lead Nurse (RGN) Elderly Nursing Home, Richmond, South London/ Surrey Border up to **** You will be an experienced Registered General Nurse (RGN) or Senior Nurse seeking a permanent opportunity in a Elderly Nursing Home in Richmond, South London/ Surrey Border. This is a prestigious medium sized elderly nursing home considered one of the top providers in the region. The home operates to a **** star standard and you should be keen to join a team dedicated to providing high levels of care within a fantastic nursing home. You should be someone who is passionate about care and making a difference in other people's lives. My client is one of the leading private healthcare providers in the UK with a strong track record of supporting staff development. You will be part a multidisciplinary team dedicated to providing high levels of care within an established and successful care home for the elderly. This client are known for providing high quality care and want someone passionate about care, highly motivated and very personcentred. You will be responsible for: .Ensuring optimum client care is maintained by managing patient care plans and risk assessments .Providing a highest standard of quality care of patients .Promote and maintain high standards of clinical practice You will have: .A Registered Nurse (RGN) .Current registration with the NMC and a legal right to work in the UK .The ability to use your skills to develop care plans and risk assessments .Experience of mental health services To apply for this exciting opportunity send your CV to j.lewis N/A or call James on N/A" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00549.txt " Senior Nurse (RGN)  Richmond" " 69580237" " UKStaffsearch" " Clinical Lead Nurse (RGN) Elderly Nursing Home, Richmond, South London/ Surrey Border up to **** You will be an experienced Registered General Nurse (RGN) or Senior Nurse seeking a permanent opportunity in a Elderly Nursing Home in Richmond, South London/ Surrey Border. This is a prestigious medium sized elderly nursing home considered one of the top providers in the region. The home operates to a **** star standard and you should be keen to join a team dedicated to providing high levels of care within a fantastic nursing home. You should be someone who is passionate about care and making a difference in other people's lives. My client is one of the leading private healthcare providers in the UK with a strong track record of supporting staff development. You will be part a multidisciplinary team dedicated to providing high levels of care within an established and successful care home for the elderly. This client are known for providing high quality care and want someone passionate about care, highly motivated and very personcentred. You will be responsible for: .Ensuring optimum client care is maintained by managing patient care plans and risk assessments .Providing a highest standard of quality care of patients .Promote and maintain high standards of clinical practice You will have: .A Registered Nurse (RGN) .Current registration with the NMC and a legal right to work in the UK .The ability to use your skills to develop care plans and risk assessments .Experience of mental health services To apply for this exciting opportunity send your CV to j.lewis N/A or call James on N/A" "['clinical', 'lead', 'nurse', 'rgn', 'elderly', 'nursing', 'richmond', 'south', 'london', 'surrey', 'border', 'experienced', 'registered', 'general', 'nurse', 'rgn', 'senior', 'nurse', 'seeking', 'permanent', 'elderly', 'nursing', 'richmond', 'south', 'london', 'surrey', 'border', 'prestigious', 'medium', 'sized', 'elderly', 'nursing', 'considered', 'top', 'providers', 'region', 'operates', 'star', 'standard', 'keen', 'dedicated', 'providing', 'levels', 'fantastic', 'nursing', 'passionate', 'making', 'difference', 'lives', 'private', 'healthcare', 'providers', 'track', 'record', 'supporting', 'part', 'multidisciplinary', 'dedicated', 'providing', 'levels', 'established', 'elderly', 'providing', 'quality', 'passionate', 'highly', 'motivated', 'responsible', 'ensuring', 'optimum', 'maintained', 'managing', 'patient', 'plans', 'risk', 'assessments', 'providing', 'highest', 'standard', 'quality', 'patients', 'promote', 'maintain', 'standards', 'clinical', 'practice', 'registered', 'nurse', 'rgn', 'current', 'registration', 'nmc', 'legal', 'develop', 'plans', 'risk', 'assessments', 'mental', 'health', 'exciting', 'send', 'cv', 'lewis', 'call', 'james']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: General Assistant
Webindex: 68507605
Company: Castlebeck
Description: In this role you will be responsible for the general maintenance of the unit and be accountable for the maintenance and safe use of equipment. You will ensure a clean and safe environment is maintained paying particular attention to Health and Safety legislation and environmental health needs. You will carry out weekly health and safety checks within the unit, such as fire alarms, water temperature and central heating. You will also be required to complete minor redecoration and act as a driver of company vehicles as and when required. The successful applicant will have previous experience of working within a similar role and will have a full clean driving licence." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00483.txt " General Assistant" " 68507605" " Castlebeck" " In this role you will be responsible for the general maintenance of the unit and be accountable for the maintenance and safe use of equipment. You will ensure a clean and safe environment is maintained paying particular attention to Health and Safety legislation and environmental health needs. You will carry out weekly health and safety checks within the unit, such as fire alarms, water temperature and central heating. You will also be required to complete minor redecoration and act as a driver of company vehicles as and when required. The successful applicant will have previous experience of working within a similar role and will have a full clean driving licence." "['responsible', 'general', 'maintenance', 'unit', 'accountable', 'maintenance', 'safe', 'equipment', 'clean', 'safe', 'environment', 'maintained', 'paying', 'attention', 'health', 'safety', 'legislation', 'environmental', 'health', 'carry', 'weekly', 'health', 'safety', 'checks', 'unit', 'fire', 'alarms', 'water', 'temperature', 'central', 'heating', 'complete', 'minor', 'act', 'driver', 'vehicles', 'applicant', 'previous', 'similar', 'clean', 'driving', 'licence']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Account Manager – Manchester – OTE ****
Webindex: 72446522
Company: Citizen Recruitment
Description: We are working on behalf of a computer network sales company. They are looking to add a dynamic professional to their sales team to become part of their continued growth and success. The successful candidate will ideally have good working knowledge of Cisco IT systems andAccount Management. This is a varied and challenging role which incorporates Account Management and Sales skill. The role will be office based engaging with the rest of the team. Duties:  Responsible for managing and creating excellent working relationships with established key accounts throughout the UK whilst looking to secure new leads and opportunities through these contacts  Excellent customer care and problem solving skills  Ability to train and coach others to use software packages if required  Excellent diary management, planning and organisational skills  Accuracy and attention to detail  Competent with Microsoft Office Email applications  Able to work independently and as part of a team  Good administrative skills The hours of work for this role are **** with and OTE of **** If you meet the above criteria then send your CV as a word attachment to jedwardscitizenrecruitment.co.uk Alternatively for immediate consideration please call Jonathan Edwards on **** **** **** If the above role is not of interest we may have other roles that will interest you, visit the Citizen Recruitment website for more information. You can also view the progress of this role on our Twitter (citizenrecruit) and Facebook (Citizen Recruitment Limited) pages. Keywords: Sales, Account Manager, IT This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountManagerManchesterOTE****_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00645.txt " Account Manager – Manchester – OTE ****" " 72446522" " Citizen Recruitment" " We are working on behalf of a computer network sales company. They are looking to add a dynamic professional to their sales team to become part of their continued growth and success. The successful candidate will ideally have good working knowledge of Cisco IT systems andAccount Management. This is a varied and challenging role which incorporates Account Management and Sales skill. The role will be office based engaging with the rest of the team. Duties:  Responsible for managing and creating excellent working relationships with established key accounts throughout the UK whilst looking to secure new leads and opportunities through these contacts  Excellent customer care and problem solving skills  Ability to train and coach others to use software packages if required  Excellent diary management, planning and organisational skills  Accuracy and attention to detail  Competent with Microsoft Office Email applications  Able to work independently and as part of a team  Good administrative skills The hours of work for this role are **** with and OTE of **** If you meet the above criteria then send your CV as a word attachment to jedwardscitizenrecruitment.co.uk Alternatively for immediate consideration please call Jonathan Edwards on **** **** **** If the above role is not of interest we may have other roles that will interest you, visit the Citizen Recruitment website for more information. You can also view the progress of this role on our Twitter (citizenrecruit) and Facebook (Citizen Recruitment Limited) pages. Keywords: Sales, Account Manager, IT This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountManagerManchesterOTE****_job****" "['behalf', 'computer', 'network', 'add', 'dynamic', 'professional', 'part', 'continued', 'growth', 'success', 'ideally', 'cisco', 'varied', 'challenging', 'incorporates', 'account', 'skill', 'office', 'engaging', 'rest', 'duties', 'responsible', 'managing', 'creating', 'relationships', 'established', 'key', 'accounts', 'whilst', 'secure', 'leads', 'opportunities', 'contacts', 'problem', 'solving', 'train', 'coach', 'software', 'packages', 'diary', 'planning', 'organisational', 'accuracy', 'attention', 'detail', 'competent', 'microsoft', 'office', 'email', 'applications', 'independently', 'part', 'administrative', 'hours', 'ote', 'meet', 'criteria', 'send', 'cv', 'word', 'alternatively', 'consideration', 'call', 'jonathan', 'edwards', 'interest', 'roles', 'interest', 'visit', 'citizen', 'website', 'information', 'view', 'progress', 'twitter', 'facebook', 'citizen', 'limited', 'pages', 'keywords', 'account', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: SUB CONTRACT LEDGER CLERK, FULL TIME & PERM, IMMEDIATE START
Webindex: 72450640
Company: Edwards & Pearce
Description: SUB CONTRACT LEDGER CLERK, FULL TIME PERMANENT, IMMEDIATE START LOCATION: North Lincolnshire SALARY AND BENEFITS: **** to **** COMPANY INFORMATION:  A successful company in the construction industry YOU MUST HAVE THE FOLLOWING:  Previously took full responsibility for processing sub contract ledgers  Up to date knowledge of CIS scheme and retentions  Able to reconcile accounts, prepare and submit VAT returns and manage all related queries  High levels of accuracy, IT literacy (essential) and the ability to prioritise workload IDEALLY YOU HAVE THE FOLLOWING:  Confidence when liaising with sub contractors and HMRC  Working experience of CIS scheme  Able to work independently against tight deadlines in a busy environment  Experience with various accounting disciplines would be advantageous  Studying towards an AAT qualification (not essential)  Immediate availability ROLE INFORMATION:  Full time and permanent  To efficiently and accurately manage a sub contract ledger and HMRC queries  Assist the established finance team when up against tight deadlines  Immediate start available  Excellent opportunity to take ownership for a ledger If you would like to apply for this role please forward your CV preferably in Microsoft Word format to hulledwardsandpearce.co.uk For updates on other vacancies, please 'Like' our Facebook page: www.facebook.com/pages/EdwardsPearce/**** THE RECRUITMENT CONSULTANCY  Edwards Pearce are a professional recruitment consultancy  Established in 1998  Employ approx **** staff  2 offices in Doncaster Hull  Edwards Pearce operates according to a strict ethical code and aims to offer both candidates and clients the highest levels of professionalism and customer service.  Edwards Pearce have a strong client base incorporating large groups and SME's across all manufacturing and service sectors, and are on the preferred supplier lists of a number of blue chip organisations. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SUBCONTRACTLEDGERCLERKFULLTIMEPERMIMMEDIATESTART_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00387.txt " SUB CONTRACT LEDGER CLERK, FULL TIME & PERM, IMMEDIATE START" " 72450640" " Edwards & Pearce" " SUB CONTRACT LEDGER CLERK, FULL TIME PERMANENT, IMMEDIATE START LOCATION: North Lincolnshire SALARY AND BENEFITS: **** to **** COMPANY INFORMATION:  A successful company in the construction industry YOU MUST HAVE THE FOLLOWING:  Previously took full responsibility for processing sub contract ledgers  Up to date knowledge of CIS scheme and retentions  Able to reconcile accounts, prepare and submit VAT returns and manage all related queries  High levels of accuracy, IT literacy (essential) and the ability to prioritise workload IDEALLY YOU HAVE THE FOLLOWING:  Confidence when liaising with sub contractors and HMRC  Working experience of CIS scheme  Able to work independently against tight deadlines in a busy environment  Experience with various accounting disciplines would be advantageous  Studying towards an AAT qualification (not essential)  Immediate availability ROLE INFORMATION:  Full time and permanent  To efficiently and accurately manage a sub contract ledger and HMRC queries  Assist the established finance team when up against tight deadlines  Immediate start available  Excellent opportunity to take ownership for a ledger If you would like to apply for this role please forward your CV preferably in Microsoft Word format to hulledwardsandpearce.co.uk For updates on other vacancies, please 'Like' our Facebook page: www.facebook.com/pages/EdwardsPearce/**** THE RECRUITMENT CONSULTANCY  Edwards Pearce are a professional recruitment consultancy  Established in 1998  Employ approx **** staff  2 offices in Doncaster Hull  Edwards Pearce operates according to a strict ethical code and aims to offer both candidates and clients the highest levels of professionalism and customer service.  Edwards Pearce have a strong client base incorporating large groups and SME's across all manufacturing and service sectors, and are on the preferred supplier lists of a number of blue chip organisations. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SUBCONTRACTLEDGERCLERKFULLTIMEPERMIMMEDIATESTART_job****" "['contract', 'ledger', 'clerk', 'time', 'permanent', 'start', 'location', 'north', 'lincolnshire', 'benefits', 'information', 'construction', 'industry', 'previously', 'responsibility', 'processing', 'contract', 'ledgers', 'date', 'cis', 'scheme', 'retentions', 'reconcile', 'accounts', 'prepare', 'submit', 'vat', 'returns', 'manage', 'related', 'queries', 'levels', 'accuracy', 'literacy', 'essential', 'prioritise', 'workload', 'ideally', 'confidence', 'liaising', 'contractors', 'hmrc', 'cis', 'scheme', 'independently', 'tight', 'deadlines', 'busy', 'environment', 'accounting', 'disciplines', 'advantageous', 'studying', 'aat', 'qualification', 'essential', 'availability', 'information', 'time', 'permanent', 'efficiently', 'accurately', 'manage', 'contract', 'ledger', 'hmrc', 'queries', 'assist', 'established', 'finance', 'tight', 'deadlines', 'start', 'ownership', 'ledger', 'forward', 'cv', 'preferably', 'microsoft', 'word', 'format', 'hulledwardsandpearce', 'updates', 'vacancies', 'facebook', 'page', 'www', 'facebook', 'pages', 'consultancy', 'edwards', 'pearce', 'professional', 'consultancy', 'established', 'employ', 'approx', 'offices', 'doncaster', 'hull', 'edwards', 'pearce', 'operates', 'strict', 'ethical', 'code', 'aims', 'offer', 'candidates', 'highest', 'levels', 'professionalism', 'edwards', 'pearce', 'base', 'incorporating', 'large', 'groups', ""sme's"", 'manufacturing', 'sectors', 'preferred', 'supplier', 'lists', 'number', 'blue', 'chip', 'organisations', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Night Shift Maintenance Engineer
Webindex: 71125819
Company: STR Limited
Description: Night Shift Maintenance Engineer  SouthWest  Permanent  **** A leading food manufacturing business with sites throughout the UK is seeking a Multi Skilled Maintenance Engineer to cover a permanent night shift, Sun  Thurs 9.30pm  6.30pm. The successful candidate will be competent in all aspects of Electrical Newquay, St. Austell, Wadebridge, Bodmin, Callington, Launceston, Truro or Plymouth" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00216.txt " Night Shift Maintenance Engineer" " 71125819" " STR Limited" " Night Shift Maintenance Engineer  SouthWest  Permanent  **** A leading food manufacturing business with sites throughout the UK is seeking a Multi Skilled Maintenance Engineer to cover a permanent night shift, Sun  Thurs 9.30pm  6.30pm. The successful candidate will be competent in all aspects of Electrical Newquay, St. Austell, Wadebridge, Bodmin, Callington, Launceston, Truro or Plymouth" "['night', 'shift', 'maintenance', 'permanent', 'food', 'manufacturing', 'sites', 'seeking', 'multi', 'skilled', 'maintenance', 'cover', 'permanent', 'night', 'shift', 'thurs', 'pm', 'pm', 'competent', 'aspects', 'electrical', 'st', 'plymouth']" Engineering
"Title: Embedded Software Engineer, Bedfordshire
Webindex: 68679476
Company: Redline Group Ltd
Description: A leading global organisation based in Bedfordshire, operating in the vehicle telematics solutions arena are seeking an Embedded Software Engineer to design and develop embedded software for vehicle telematic products. The Embedded Software Engineer will be based in Bedfordshire and will be involved in a variety of activities including designing and coding embedded software in C at both application and hardware interface level in an agile environment, also the position requires the candidate to test and deliver and support the product with requirements gathering and documentation. Key Skills/ Experience: Experience of design and coding of embedded solutions at both application and hardware interface level on custom hardware. Experience of software design skill in embedded C. Experience of working within an Agile development environment. Experience of Source control systems VSS, CVS, etc. Candidates will ideally be degree qualified in a related field or hold relevant experience. This is a great chance to join a global and progressive company who can offer career progression and personal development. To apply for the Embedded Software Engineer position based in Bedfordshire, please send your CV and covering letter to tgargettredlinegroup.Com, or for more information contact Terry Gargett on **** **** Ref: TCG****/**** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EmbeddedSoftwareEngineerBedfordshire_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00174.txt " Embedded Software Engineer, Bedfordshire" " 68679476" " Redline Group Ltd" " A leading global organisation based in Bedfordshire, operating in the vehicle telematics solutions arena are seeking an Embedded Software Engineer to design and develop embedded software for vehicle telematic products. The Embedded Software Engineer will be based in Bedfordshire and will be involved in a variety of activities including designing and coding embedded software in C at both application and hardware interface level in an agile environment, also the position requires the candidate to test and deliver and support the product with requirements gathering and documentation. Key Skills/ Experience: Experience of design and coding of embedded solutions at both application and hardware interface level on custom hardware. Experience of software design skill in embedded C. Experience of working within an Agile development environment. Experience of Source control systems VSS, CVS, etc. Candidates will ideally be degree qualified in a related field or hold relevant experience. This is a great chance to join a global and progressive company who can offer career progression and personal development. To apply for the Embedded Software Engineer position based in Bedfordshire, please send your CV and covering letter to tgargettredlinegroup.Com, or for more information contact Terry Gargett on **** **** Ref: TCG****/**** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EmbeddedSoftwareEngineerBedfordshire_job****" "['global', 'organisation', 'bedfordshire', 'operating', 'vehicle', 'solutions', 'arena', 'seeking', 'embedded', 'software', 'develop', 'embedded', 'software', 'vehicle', 'products', 'embedded', 'software', 'bedfordshire', 'involved', 'variety', 'activities', 'designing', 'coding', 'embedded', 'software', 'application', 'hardware', 'interface', 'level', 'agile', 'environment', 'requires', 'test', 'deliver', 'product', 'requirements', 'gathering', 'documentation', 'key', 'coding', 'embedded', 'solutions', 'application', 'hardware', 'interface', 'level', 'custom', 'hardware', 'software', 'skill', 'embedded', 'agile', 'environment', 'source', 'control', 'cvs', 'candidates', 'ideally', 'degree', 'qualified', 'related', 'field', 'hold', 'relevant', 'great', 'chance', 'global', 'progressive', 'offer', 'career', 'progression', 'personal', 'embedded', 'software', 'bedfordshire', 'send', 'cv', 'covering', 'letter', 'information', 'contact', 'ref', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Manufacturing / Operations / Outsourcing Director to ****k  car
Webindex: 71619468
Description: International Manufacturing / Operations / Outsourcing Director  to ****  car Based: London The international Manufacturing / Operations / Outsourcing Director will manage all aspects of the company's global manufacturing network, supply chain and operations to underpin the continued sales growth of the business. This includes support of existing international outsourced production and manufacturing facilities and in addition, identifying and bringing on board new suppliers to support the significant growth in international sales. Our client is a long established designer and manufacturer of practical, innovative and elegant products bridging the gap between workplace design and technology, creating space and comfort for people in a wide range of work environments. Part of a large international group, the company has a global network of offices, dealers and distributors. The Manufacturing / Operations / Outsourcing Director will be a qualified engineer with experience at a senior level in manufacturing operations, ideally with knowledge of procurement, supply chain and associated outsourced production and logistics. The successful Manufacturing / Operations / Outsourcing Director will have excellent Project Management abilities and will be an experienced negotiator with strong influencing and teamworking skills. The role of Manufacturing / Operations / Outsourcing Director demands a high level of technological and business literacy, expertise in operations, manufacturing Best Practice, Continuous Improvement initiatives along with excellent presentation and communication skills. Regular international travel will be an integral part of the role and previous experience gained in an international context will be particularly relevant. Applications would be welcome from individuals with experience in the engineering, fabrication, castings, aluminium extrusions, diecasting, injection moulding, Tier **** /**** automotive supply sectors. If you wish to be considered for the role ofManufacturing / Operations / Outsourcing Director, please forward a CV in Word format, in confidence, stating current remuneration details and availability quoting reference **** Threepeople provides a vacancy advertising service on behalf of clients. manufacturing production sourcing supply chain logistics international global purchasing procurement manager manger director engineer graduate project programme engineering technology hitech automotive" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00173.txt " Manufacturing / Operations / Outsourcing Director to ****k  car" " 71619468"  " International Manufacturing / Operations / Outsourcing Director  to ****  car Based: London The international Manufacturing / Operations / Outsourcing Director will manage all aspects of the company's global manufacturing network, supply chain and operations to underpin the continued sales growth of the business. This includes support of existing international outsourced production and manufacturing facilities and in addition, identifying and bringing on board new suppliers to support the significant growth in international sales. Our client is a long established designer and manufacturer of practical, innovative and elegant products bridging the gap between workplace design and technology, creating space and comfort for people in a wide range of work environments. Part of a large international group, the company has a global network of offices, dealers and distributors. The Manufacturing / Operations / Outsourcing Director will be a qualified engineer with experience at a senior level in manufacturing operations, ideally with knowledge of procurement, supply chain and associated outsourced production and logistics. The successful Manufacturing / Operations / Outsourcing Director will have excellent Project Management abilities and will be an experienced negotiator with strong influencing and teamworking skills. The role of Manufacturing / Operations / Outsourcing Director demands a high level of technological and business literacy, expertise in operations, manufacturing Best Practice, Continuous Improvement initiatives along with excellent presentation and communication skills. Regular international travel will be an integral part of the role and previous experience gained in an international context will be particularly relevant. Applications would be welcome from individuals with experience in the engineering, fabrication, castings, aluminium extrusions, diecasting, injection moulding, Tier **** /**** automotive supply sectors. If you wish to be considered for the role ofManufacturing / Operations / Outsourcing Director, please forward a CV in Word format, in confidence, stating current remuneration details and availability quoting reference **** Threepeople provides a vacancy advertising service on behalf of clients. manufacturing production sourcing supply chain logistics international global purchasing procurement manager manger director engineer graduate project programme engineering technology hitech automotive" "['international', 'manufacturing', 'operations', 'outsourcing', 'director', 'car', 'london', 'international', 'manufacturing', 'operations', 'outsourcing', 'director', 'manage', 'aspects', ""company's"", 'global', 'manufacturing', 'network', 'supply', 'chain', 'operations', 'underpin', 'continued', 'growth', 'includes', 'existing', 'international', 'outsourced', 'production', 'manufacturing', 'facilities', 'addition', 'identifying', 'bringing', 'board', 'suppliers', 'significant', 'growth', 'international', 'long', 'established', 'designer', 'manufacturer', 'practical', 'innovative', 'products', 'gap', 'workplace', 'technology', 'creating', 'space', 'comfort', 'people', 'wide', 'range', 'environments', 'part', 'large', 'international', 'group', 'global', 'network', 'offices', 'dealers', 'distributors', 'manufacturing', 'operations', 'outsourcing', 'director', 'qualified', 'senior', 'level', 'manufacturing', 'operations', 'ideally', 'procurement', 'supply', 'chain', 'outsourced', 'production', 'logistics', 'manufacturing', 'operations', 'outsourcing', 'director', 'project', 'abilities', 'experienced', 'negotiator', 'influencing', 'teamworking', 'manufacturing', 'operations', 'outsourcing', 'director', 'demands', 'level', 'technological', 'literacy', 'expertise', 'operations', 'manufacturing', 'practice', 'continuous', 'improvement', 'initiatives', 'presentation', 'communication', 'regular', 'international', 'travel', 'integral', 'part', 'previous', 'gained', 'international', 'context', 'relevant', 'applications', 'individuals', 'fabrication', 'castings', 'aluminium', 'injection', 'moulding', 'tier', 'automotive', 'supply', 'sectors', 'considered', 'operations', 'outsourcing', 'director', 'forward', 'cv', 'word', 'format', 'confidence', 'stating', 'current', 'remuneration', 'details', 'availability', 'quoting', 'reference', 'vacancy', 'advertising', 'behalf', 'manufacturing', 'production', 'sourcing', 'supply', 'chain', 'logistics', 'international', 'global', 'purchasing', 'procurement', 'director', 'graduate', 'project', 'programme', 'technology', 'automotive']" Engineering
"Title: Field sales  electrical wholesale  Birmingham, South, London
Webindex: 71851119
Company: Genesis Associates
Description: Field sales  Electrical Wholesale  Birmingham, South, London  Selling and promoting their full range of LED Lighting, down lights, converters, transformers, fittings, lamps and accessories  Selling 100% through to Electrical Wholesalers  Edmundson, Newey Eyre, City Electrical Factors etc.  **** % of your time managing and expanding existing accounts in the Area, however predominantly most of your time will be hunting down new business in the area. Field sales  Electrical Wholesale  Birmingham, South, London Must have demonstrable track record including:  Selling To Electrical wholesalers  IDEALLY sold LED or Lighting products, however any electrical product will be appropriate  Intelligent, articulate, professional, presentable and a high level of integrity  Enthusiastic, hard working, prepared to complete the necessary hours  Presentable, Hungry, motivated The Company:  Established  Strong Recognised Branded Company  Strong Progression Path For more information on this client and to discuss the position in more detail please contact Rob Payne on **** **** **** or email your CV to rpaynegenesisassociates.co.uk. All applications are strictly confidential your details will not be shared with any organisation without your express permission and consent. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldsaleselectricalwholesaleBirminghamSouthLondon_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00137.txt " Field sales  electrical wholesale  Birmingham, South, London" " 71851119" " Genesis Associates" " Field sales  Electrical Wholesale  Birmingham, South, London  Selling and promoting their full range of LED Lighting, down lights, converters, transformers, fittings, lamps and accessories  Selling 100% through to Electrical Wholesalers  Edmundson, Newey Eyre, City Electrical Factors etc.  **** % of your time managing and expanding existing accounts in the Area, however predominantly most of your time will be hunting down new business in the area. Field sales  Electrical Wholesale  Birmingham, South, London Must have demonstrable track record including:  Selling To Electrical wholesalers  IDEALLY sold LED or Lighting products, however any electrical product will be appropriate  Intelligent, articulate, professional, presentable and a high level of integrity  Enthusiastic, hard working, prepared to complete the necessary hours  Presentable, Hungry, motivated The Company:  Established  Strong Recognised Branded Company  Strong Progression Path For more information on this client and to discuss the position in more detail please contact Rob Payne on **** **** **** or email your CV to rpaynegenesisassociates.co.uk. All applications are strictly confidential your details will not be shared with any organisation without your express permission and consent. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldsaleselectricalwholesaleBirminghamSouthLondon_job****" "['field', 'electrical', 'wholesale', 'birmingham', 'south', 'london', 'selling', 'promoting', 'range', 'led', 'lighting', 'converters', 'transformers', 'fittings', 'selling', 'electrical', 'wholesalers', 'city', 'electrical', 'factors', 'time', 'managing', 'expanding', 'existing', 'accounts', 'area', 'predominantly', 'time', 'hunting', 'area', 'field', 'electrical', 'wholesale', 'birmingham', 'south', 'london', 'demonstrable', 'track', 'record', 'selling', 'electrical', 'wholesalers', 'ideally', 'sold', 'led', 'lighting', 'products', 'electrical', 'product', 'intelligent', 'articulate', 'professional', 'presentable', 'level', 'integrity', 'enthusiastic', 'hard', 'prepared', 'complete', 'hours', 'presentable', 'hungry', 'motivated', 'established', 'recognised', 'branded', 'progression', 'path', 'information', 'discuss', 'detail', 'contact', 'rob', 'email', 'cv', 'applications', 'strictly', 'confidential', 'details', 'shared', 'organisation', 'express', 'permission', 'consent', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Care Manager
Webindex: 69848827
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Our client is a fastgrowing domiciliary care provider with high standards, strong views about customer service and with real caring values. Important Working towards NVQ**** in care or equivalent The Job The successful candidate will be responsible for the efficient running of the business and managing the admin team and the care workers as well as dealing with customers and care workers. Sole responsibility for the recruitment and management of care staff and for ascertaining that there is enough care staff to satisfy the needs of the business. JOB DESCRIPTION Accountable to the directors/shareholders of the business. Responsible for the legal and ethical running of the daytoday business. Achievement of sales targets and delivery within budgets. To work within agreed budgets to ensure profitability of business. Ultimate responsibility for all staff. To manage recruitment and effective development of care staff. To ensure successful operation of quality control systems. Implementation of complaints procedure. To participate in the growth and development of the business, locally and regionally through various marketing exercises. Preparing information for invoicing and payroll. Take oncall duties as part of a team on a rota basis. JOB SPECIFICATION Essential Management experience of service provision in the care profession Working towards NVQ**** in care or equivalent Desirable Experience of Business Management Experience of the Domiciliary Care Sector Computer Literate To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00053.txt " Care Manager" " 69848827" " Matchtech Group plc." " Introduction Our client is a fastgrowing domiciliary care provider with high standards, strong views about customer service and with real caring values. Important Working towards NVQ**** in care or equivalent The Job The successful candidate will be responsible for the efficient running of the business and managing the admin team and the care workers as well as dealing with customers and care workers. Sole responsibility for the recruitment and management of care staff and for ascertaining that there is enough care staff to satisfy the needs of the business. JOB DESCRIPTION Accountable to the directors/shareholders of the business. Responsible for the legal and ethical running of the daytoday business. Achievement of sales targets and delivery within budgets. To work within agreed budgets to ensure profitability of business. Ultimate responsibility for all staff. To manage recruitment and effective development of care staff. To ensure successful operation of quality control systems. Implementation of complaints procedure. To participate in the growth and development of the business, locally and regionally through various marketing exercises. Preparing information for invoicing and payroll. Take oncall duties as part of a team on a rota basis. JOB SPECIFICATION Essential Management experience of service provision in the care profession Working towards NVQ**** in care or equivalent Desirable Experience of Business Management Experience of the Domiciliary Care Sector Computer Literate To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK" "['introduction', 'domiciliary', 'provider', 'standards', 'views', 'real', 'caring', 'values', 'important', 'nvq', 'equivalent', 'responsible', 'efficient', 'running', 'managing', 'admin', 'workers', 'dealing', 'customers', 'workers', 'sole', 'responsibility', 'satisfy', 'description', 'accountable', 'directors', 'shareholders', 'responsible', 'legal', 'ethical', 'running', 'daytoday', 'achievement', 'targets', 'delivery', 'budgets', 'agreed', 'budgets', 'profitability', 'ultimate', 'responsibility', 'manage', 'effective', 'operation', 'quality', 'control', 'implementation', 'complaints', 'procedure', 'participate', 'growth', 'locally', 'marketing', 'exercises', 'preparing', 'information', 'invoicing', 'payroll', 'oncall', 'duties', 'part', 'rota', 'basis', 'specification', 'essential', 'provision', 'profession', 'nvq', 'equivalent', 'desirable', 'domiciliary', 'sector', 'computer', 'literate', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'live']" Engineering
"Title: Commercial Vehicle Supervisor (Inverness)
Webindex: 68805556
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction We are currently looking for a Commercial Vehicle Supervisor to work at a Vehicle Maintenance Depot in Inverness. Important Time served mechanic with supervisory/management experience. The Job All applicants must be time served and will have Supervisory/Management experience ideally working in the commercial/heavy vehicle industry. OTE salary pound;****  pound;**** depending on experience and qualifications. Principal Responsibilities; Supervise a team of technicians ensuring that work is carried out as efficiently as possible Agree resource plans with Workshop Controller (and actions to handle peaks in workload) and anticipate resourcing issues in advance Ensure technicians are fully briefed on job requirements and budgets (VST times) per upfront job specifications Manage workshop workinprogress versus job specification time budgets (VST times) and provide timely updates on progress to CSR (or customer when out of hours Manage job issues / problems in real time to control the quality of the repair and minimise variances versus budgets (VST times) Provide diagnostic and technical assistance to technicians to speed fault diagnosis and accurately specify repair solutions Specify repair solutions to facilitate the production of quotes / works orders Specify repair solutions for defects / minor defects found during service or other planned work Carry out effective shift hand over including any outstanding repair order amp; customer issues Check that all work is supported by formal customer authorisation prior to starting Ensure the shift team work to the criteria laid down in the Company Health and Safety policy Required attributes and experience include: General Significant experience of working as a technician within the motor vehicle industry Good knowledge of VOSA requirements and MOT testers manual An understanding of Operators Licence Laws and Regulations Values and Attitudes To always conduct yourself in a professional manner Flexible and positive approach to changing workload and priorities To be able to remain level headed in a fast paced working environment Attention to detail Proactive approach to managing workshop Team Orientated Qualifications/experience: City and Guilds, NVQ 3 or equivalent in Motor Vehicle Technology To be able to manage and motivate a team of technicians in their daily activities To be able to coach and provide support and guidance to your team of technicians To be able to effectively communicate at all levels both written and verbally To have questioning, listening amp; information gathering skills To be able to work in an organised amp; methodical manner ensuring that all daily tasks are completed To be able to modify your approach in specific circumstances to ensure a positive outcome To be able to understand amp; analyse technical issues amp; propose appropriate solutions To be able to delegate work to the appropriate personnel To be able to operate GDS and Impact systems, specific to the GVS process stages Basic knowledge of Microsoft Outlook Company benefits include **** days holiday paid at time and a third, free company shares and chance to join a large global organisation, with great promotional prospects, both in UK and abroad. Contact: e: geoff.fairgrievematchtech.com t: **** **** **** To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00010.txt " Commercial Vehicle Supervisor (Inverness)" " 68805556" " Matchtech Group plc." " Introduction We are currently looking for a Commercial Vehicle Supervisor to work at a Vehicle Maintenance Depot in Inverness. Important Time served mechanic with supervisory/management experience. The Job All applicants must be time served and will have Supervisory/Management experience ideally working in the commercial/heavy vehicle industry. OTE salary pound;****  pound;**** depending on experience and qualifications. Principal Responsibilities; Supervise a team of technicians ensuring that work is carried out as efficiently as possible Agree resource plans with Workshop Controller (and actions to handle peaks in workload) and anticipate resourcing issues in advance Ensure technicians are fully briefed on job requirements and budgets (VST times) per upfront job specifications Manage workshop workinprogress versus job specification time budgets (VST times) and provide timely updates on progress to CSR (or customer when out of hours Manage job issues / problems in real time to control the quality of the repair and minimise variances versus budgets (VST times) Provide diagnostic and technical assistance to technicians to speed fault diagnosis and accurately specify repair solutions Specify repair solutions to facilitate the production of quotes / works orders Specify repair solutions for defects / minor defects found during service or other planned work Carry out effective shift hand over including any outstanding repair order amp; customer issues Check that all work is supported by formal customer authorisation prior to starting Ensure the shift team work to the criteria laid down in the Company Health and Safety policy Required attributes and experience include: General Significant experience of working as a technician within the motor vehicle industry Good knowledge of VOSA requirements and MOT testers manual An understanding of Operators Licence Laws and Regulations Values and Attitudes To always conduct yourself in a professional manner Flexible and positive approach to changing workload and priorities To be able to remain level headed in a fast paced working environment Attention to detail Proactive approach to managing workshop Team Orientated Qualifications/experience: City and Guilds, NVQ 3 or equivalent in Motor Vehicle Technology To be able to manage and motivate a team of technicians in their daily activities To be able to coach and provide support and guidance to your team of technicians To be able to effectively communicate at all levels both written and verbally To have questioning, listening amp; information gathering skills To be able to work in an organised amp; methodical manner ensuring that all daily tasks are completed To be able to modify your approach in specific circumstances to ensure a positive outcome To be able to understand amp; analyse technical issues amp; propose appropriate solutions To be able to delegate work to the appropriate personnel To be able to operate GDS and Impact systems, specific to the GVS process stages Basic knowledge of Microsoft Outlook Company benefits include **** days holiday paid at time and a third, free company shares and chance to join a large global organisation, with great promotional prospects, both in UK and abroad. Contact: e: geoff.fairgrievematchtech.com t: **** **** **** To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK" "['introduction', 'commercial', 'vehicle', 'supervisor', 'vehicle', 'maintenance', 'depot', 'important', 'time', 'served', 'supervisory', 'applicants', 'time', 'served', 'supervisory', 'ideally', 'commercial', 'heavy', 'vehicle', 'industry', 'ote', 'pound', 'pound', 'depending', 'qualifications', 'principal', 'responsibilities', 'supervise', 'technicians', 'ensuring', 'carried', 'efficiently', 'agree', 'resource', 'plans', 'workshop', 'controller', 'actions', 'handle', 'workload', 'anticipate', 'resourcing', 'issues', 'advance', 'technicians', 'fully', 'requirements', 'budgets', 'vst', 'times', 'upfront', 'specifications', 'manage', 'workshop', 'versus', 'specification', 'time', 'budgets', 'vst', 'times', 'timely', 'updates', 'progress', 'hours', 'manage', 'issues', 'problems', 'real', 'time', 'control', 'quality', 'repair', 'minimise', 'variances', 'versus', 'budgets', 'vst', 'times', 'diagnostic', 'technical', 'assistance', 'technicians', 'speed', 'fault', 'diagnosis', 'accurately', 'repair', 'solutions', 'repair', 'solutions', 'facilitate', 'production', 'quotes', 'works', 'orders', 'repair', 'solutions', 'defects', 'minor', 'defects', 'found', 'planned', 'carry', 'effective', 'shift', 'hand', 'outstanding', 'repair', 'order', 'amp', 'issues', 'check', 'supported', 'formal', 'authorisation', 'prior', 'starting', 'shift', 'criteria', 'health', 'safety', 'policy', 'attributes', 'include', 'general', 'significant', 'technician', 'motor', 'vehicle', 'industry', 'requirements', 'mot', 'manual', 'understanding', 'operators', 'licence', 'laws', 'regulations', 'values', 'attitudes', 'conduct', 'professional', 'manner', 'flexible', 'positive', 'approach', 'changing', 'workload', 'priorities', 'remain', 'level', 'headed', 'fast', 'paced', 'environment', 'attention', 'detail', 'proactive', 'approach', 'managing', 'workshop', 'orientated', 'qualifications', 'city', 'guilds', 'nvq', 'equivalent', 'motor', 'vehicle', 'technology', 'manage', 'motivate', 'technicians', 'daily', 'activities', 'coach', 'guidance', 'technicians', 'effectively', 'communicate', 'levels', 'written', 'verbally', 'questioning', 'listening', 'amp', 'information', 'gathering', 'organised', 'amp', 'methodical', 'manner', 'ensuring', 'daily', 'tasks', 'completed', 'approach', 'specific', 'circumstances', 'positive', 'outcome', 'understand', 'amp', 'analyse', 'technical', 'issues', 'amp', 'propose', 'solutions', 'delegate', 'personnel', 'operate', 'impact', 'specific', 'process', 'stages', 'basic', 'microsoft', 'outlook', 'benefits', 'include', 'days', 'holiday', 'paid', 'time', 'free', 'shares', 'chance', 'large', 'global', 'organisation', 'great', 'promotional', 'prospects', 'abroad', 'contact', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'live']" Engineering
"Title: Structuring Analyst
Webindex: 66749246
Company: Real Staffing
Description: An opportunity for an experience Structuring Analyst is now available with one of theUK's largest blue chip firms. Working in the Structured Finance division you will be responsible for the structuring of derivative led deals in the energy markets. Your role will involve the development of approaches for the valuation and assessment of embedded risk inherent in proposed transactions. You will be working with Quantitative analysts to improve the valuation models used as well as assisting the mid and back office personnel to understand the nature of complex transactions. This role would suit a candidate with experience in the energy markets including Physical crude oil and LNG transactions. You will have a strong ability to use Excel and VBA models for valuation and management of complex deals. Have knowledge of the Greeks as risk metrics You must have a good understanding of sources of market data from both internal and external sources. This role offers the successful applicant the opportunity to join a huge organization with fantastic investment plans in this area and a structured career path to follow moving forward long term. Apply online or call Richard Smith on **** **** **** for details. To find out more about Real please visit www.realstaffing.com" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00298.txt " Structuring Analyst" " 66749246" " Real Staffing" " An opportunity for an experience Structuring Analyst is now available with one of theUK's largest blue chip firms. Working in the Structured Finance division you will be responsible for the structuring of derivative led deals in the energy markets. Your role will involve the development of approaches for the valuation and assessment of embedded risk inherent in proposed transactions. You will be working with Quantitative analysts to improve the valuation models used as well as assisting the mid and back office personnel to understand the nature of complex transactions. This role would suit a candidate with experience in the energy markets including Physical crude oil and LNG transactions. You will have a strong ability to use Excel and VBA models for valuation and management of complex deals. Have knowledge of the Greeks as risk metrics You must have a good understanding of sources of market data from both internal and external sources. This role offers the successful applicant the opportunity to join a huge organization with fantastic investment plans in this area and a structured career path to follow moving forward long term. Apply online or call Richard Smith on **** **** **** for details. To find out more about Real please visit www.realstaffing.com" "['structuring', 'analyst', 'largest', 'blue', 'chip', 'firms', 'structured', 'finance', 'division', 'responsible', 'structuring', 'derivative', 'led', 'deals', 'energy', 'markets', 'involve', 'approaches', 'valuation', 'assessment', 'embedded', 'risk', 'proposed', 'transactions', 'quantitative', 'analysts', 'improve', 'valuation', 'models', 'assisting', 'mid', 'back', 'office', 'personnel', 'understand', 'nature', 'complex', 'transactions', 'suit', 'energy', 'markets', 'physical', 'oil', 'transactions', 'excel', 'vba', 'models', 'valuation', 'complex', 'deals', 'risk', 'metrics', 'understanding', 'sources', 'market', 'data', 'internal', 'external', 'sources', 'offers', 'applicant', 'huge', 'organization', 'fantastic', 'investment', 'plans', 'area', 'structured', 'career', 'path', 'follow', 'moving', 'forward', 'long', 'term', 'online', 'call', 'richard', 'smith', 'details', 'find', 'real', 'visit', 'www']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Advertising Sales Account Manager
Webindex: 71288404
Company: Sue Ross Recruitment
Description: Well established and successful specialist firm seek a proactive Sales professional to join their small and dedicated team. You will be responsible for selling a range of advertising products within an established quarterly trade publication. You will also manage a portfolio of new and current customers, selling them advertising and administering their accounts. This role requires you to take personal responsibility for providing high quality, efficient services to new and potential clients, therefore we seek candidates with high levels of initiative and selfmotivation. Whilst building a rapport with customers, you will be expected to discuss advertising options, sending details and prices, follow up for a decision and overcome/negotiate any objectives with the aim to close the sale. The successful candidate will match the following: Confident cold calling Professional and confident phone manner Excellent relationship building skills Conversant in MS Office and ideally Adobe Acrobat and Photoshop Unfortunately due to the number of applications we receive, we are unable to provide individual feedback to all applicants. Please assume that if you do not hear from us within **** hours that your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. May we take this opportunity to thank you for expressing an interest in one of our roles and wish you the very best in your search for employment." 3 data/Sales\Job_00647.txt " Advertising Sales Account Manager" " 71288404" " Sue Ross Recruitment" " Well established and successful specialist firm seek a proactive Sales professional to join their small and dedicated team. You will be responsible for selling a range of advertising products within an established quarterly trade publication. You will also manage a portfolio of new and current customers, selling them advertising and administering their accounts. This role requires you to take personal responsibility for providing high quality, efficient services to new and potential clients, therefore we seek candidates with high levels of initiative and selfmotivation. Whilst building a rapport with customers, you will be expected to discuss advertising options, sending details and prices, follow up for a decision and overcome/negotiate any objectives with the aim to close the sale. The successful candidate will match the following: Confident cold calling Professional and confident phone manner Excellent relationship building skills Conversant in MS Office and ideally Adobe Acrobat and Photoshop Unfortunately due to the number of applications we receive, we are unable to provide individual feedback to all applicants. Please assume that if you do not hear from us within **** hours that your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. May we take this opportunity to thank you for expressing an interest in one of our roles and wish you the very best in your search for employment." "['established', 'specialist', 'firm', 'seek', 'proactive', 'professional', 'small', 'dedicated', 'responsible', 'selling', 'range', 'advertising', 'products', 'established', 'quarterly', 'trade', 'publication', 'manage', 'portfolio', 'current', 'customers', 'selling', 'advertising', 'administering', 'accounts', 'requires', 'personal', 'responsibility', 'providing', 'quality', 'efficient', 'potential', 'seek', 'candidates', 'levels', 'initiative', 'selfmotivation', 'whilst', 'building', 'rapport', 'customers', 'expected', 'discuss', 'advertising', 'options', 'sending', 'details', 'prices', 'follow', 'decision', 'overcome', 'negotiate', 'objectives', 'aim', 'close', 'sale', 'match', 'confident', 'cold', 'calling', 'professional', 'confident', 'phone', 'manner', 'relationship', 'building', 'conversant', 'ms', 'office', 'ideally', 'adobe', 'photoshop', 'due', 'number', 'applications', 'receive', 'unable', 'individual', 'feedback', 'applicants', 'assume', 'hear', 'hours', 'application', 'unsuccessful', 'occasion', 'expressing', 'interest', 'roles', 'search', 'employment']" Sales
"Title: Technical Support Supervisor
Webindex: 72386497
Company: Techconsult UK LTD
Description: Our client provides products and services for the global Oil & Gas, Power Generation, Wind, Marine, and Aerospace markets. Working alongside some of the major companies in the Oil & Gas sector in Aberdeen they offer a range of services including Bolting, Joint Integrity and Valve Testing and have an extensive network of field based Technicians working across the world in both onshore and offshore locations. Due to the continued expansion of their offices they are looking for a Technical Support Supervisor to join them on a permanent basis. You will be the main technical authority for over **** field based technicians for a range of engineering queries as well as providing premobilisation briefings to technicians and be responsible for the assurance that all HSEQ issues are documented and reported to the relevant staff. You must have an excellent knowledge of site services projects within the Offshore Oil & Gas and/or Refinery sectors and attend pre shutdown meetings to fully ascertain customer requirements and have the communication and delegation skills to relay this information to the relevant staff within the company. This is an office based role and would ideally suit a candidate with field based background looking to develop their managerial / supervisory experience or would be suitable for an existing supervisor looking to continue their career in the sector. To be successful for this role you must have a formal qualification in an engineering discipline and have a proven background and knowledge of torque, tension and/or bolting operations and ideally you will have some experience in a troubleshooting / technical authority role however this is not essential." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00154.txt " Technical Support Supervisor" " 72386497" " Techconsult UK LTD" " Our client provides products and services for the global Oil & Gas, Power Generation, Wind, Marine, and Aerospace markets. Working alongside some of the major companies in the Oil & Gas sector in Aberdeen they offer a range of services including Bolting, Joint Integrity and Valve Testing and have an extensive network of field based Technicians working across the world in both onshore and offshore locations. Due to the continued expansion of their offices they are looking for a Technical Support Supervisor to join them on a permanent basis. You will be the main technical authority for over **** field based technicians for a range of engineering queries as well as providing premobilisation briefings to technicians and be responsible for the assurance that all HSEQ issues are documented and reported to the relevant staff. You must have an excellent knowledge of site services projects within the Offshore Oil & Gas and/or Refinery sectors and attend pre shutdown meetings to fully ascertain customer requirements and have the communication and delegation skills to relay this information to the relevant staff within the company. This is an office based role and would ideally suit a candidate with field based background looking to develop their managerial / supervisory experience or would be suitable for an existing supervisor looking to continue their career in the sector. To be successful for this role you must have a formal qualification in an engineering discipline and have a proven background and knowledge of torque, tension and/or bolting operations and ideally you will have some experience in a troubleshooting / technical authority role however this is not essential." "['products', 'global', 'oil', 'gas', 'power', 'generation', 'wind', 'marine', 'aerospace', 'markets', 'alongside', 'major', 'companies', 'oil', 'gas', 'sector', 'aberdeen', 'offer', 'range', 'bolting', 'joint', 'integrity', 'testing', 'extensive', 'network', 'field', 'technicians', 'world', 'onshore', 'offshore', 'locations', 'due', 'continued', 'expansion', 'offices', 'technical', 'supervisor', 'permanent', 'basis', 'main', 'technical', 'authority', 'field', 'technicians', 'range', 'queries', 'providing', 'briefings', 'technicians', 'responsible', 'assurance', 'hseq', 'issues', 'documented', 'reported', 'relevant', 'site', 'projects', 'offshore', 'oil', 'gas', 'sectors', 'attend', 'pre', 'meetings', 'fully', 'ascertain', 'requirements', 'communication', 'delegation', 'relay', 'information', 'relevant', 'office', 'ideally', 'suit', 'field', 'background', 'develop', 'managerial', 'supervisory', 'suitable', 'existing', 'supervisor', 'continue', 'career', 'sector', 'formal', 'qualification', 'discipline', 'proven', 'background', 'bolting', 'operations', 'ideally', 'troubleshooting', 'technical', 'authority', 'essential']" Engineering
"Title: Senior Geotechnical Engineer  Derby
Webindex: 71125410
Company: Penguin Recruitment
Description: A national multidisciplinary engineering and environmental consultancy is urgently looking to recruit a Senior Geotechnical Site Investigation Engineer to join them in their Derby offices. You will be joining a team of Engineers from a variety of disciplines, working on a range of different sectors across the UK and overseas. We are ideally looking for a candidate with a strong background in geotechnical site investigation, currently working towards CGeol or CEng status with a relevant governing body. You will have a strong academic background, including a degree in Geology, Civil Engineering or another related discipline (and will ideally have a postgraduate qualification in a Geotechnical discipline). In this position your duties will include: Supervising site investigations across the Midlands and possibly further afield. Designing geotechnical site investigations. Supervising and mentoring junior team members. Liaising with clients and regulators. You will receive a highly competitive salary in addition to an attractive benefits package which includes; a company vehicle, medical insurance, generous annual leave and pension scheme. Commutable from; Nottingham, Loughborough, Mansfield. Interested in this or other roles in Geotechnical Engineering? Please do not hesitate to contact Hannah Meredith on or call (Apply online only). We have many more vacancies available on our website. Please refer to (url removed). This is a permanent role. Penguin Recruitment is operating as a Recruitment Agency in respect to this position" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00196.txt " Senior Geotechnical Engineer  Derby" " 71125410" " Penguin Recruitment" " A national multidisciplinary engineering and environmental consultancy is urgently looking to recruit a Senior Geotechnical Site Investigation Engineer to join them in their Derby offices. You will be joining a team of Engineers from a variety of disciplines, working on a range of different sectors across the UK and overseas. We are ideally looking for a candidate with a strong background in geotechnical site investigation, currently working towards CGeol or CEng status with a relevant governing body. You will have a strong academic background, including a degree in Geology, Civil Engineering or another related discipline (and will ideally have a postgraduate qualification in a Geotechnical discipline). In this position your duties will include: Supervising site investigations across the Midlands and possibly further afield. Designing geotechnical site investigations. Supervising and mentoring junior team members. Liaising with clients and regulators. You will receive a highly competitive salary in addition to an attractive benefits package which includes; a company vehicle, medical insurance, generous annual leave and pension scheme. Commutable from; Nottingham, Loughborough, Mansfield. Interested in this or other roles in Geotechnical Engineering? Please do not hesitate to contact Hannah Meredith on or call (Apply online only). We have many more vacancies available on our website. Please refer to (url removed). This is a permanent role. Penguin Recruitment is operating as a Recruitment Agency in respect to this position" "['national', 'multidisciplinary', 'environmental', 'consultancy', 'urgently', 'recruit', 'senior', 'geotechnical', 'site', 'investigation', 'derby', 'offices', 'joining', 'engineers', 'variety', 'disciplines', 'range', 'sectors', 'overseas', 'ideally', 'background', 'geotechnical', 'site', 'investigation', 'ceng', 'status', 'relevant', 'governing', 'body', 'academic', 'background', 'degree', 'geology', 'civil', 'related', 'discipline', 'ideally', 'postgraduate', 'qualification', 'geotechnical', 'discipline', 'duties', 'include', 'supervising', 'site', 'investigations', 'midlands', 'possibly', 'designing', 'geotechnical', 'site', 'investigations', 'supervising', 'mentoring', 'junior', 'members', 'liaising', 'regulators', 'receive', 'highly', 'competitive', 'addition', 'attractive', 'benefits', 'package', 'includes', 'vehicle', 'medical', 'insurance', 'generous', 'annual', 'leave', 'pension', 'scheme', 'commutable', 'nottingham', 'loughborough', 'mansfield', 'interested', 'roles', 'geotechnical', 'hesitate', 'contact', 'call', 'online', 'vacancies', 'website', 'refer', 'url', 'removed', 'permanent', 'penguin', 'operating', 'agency', 'respect']" Engineering
"Title: Senior Internal Audit
Webindex: 69544219
Company: Lawes Insurance Recruitment
Description: Role: Senior Internal Audit Location: London We have an excellent new opportunity for the right individual to join one of our clients who are a highly successful and a very desirable organisation to work with. This role is for a Senior Internal Audit who will plan and conduct file review audits within the company to the highest standards and assist, upon request from the Head of Internal Audit, in the completion of internal audits within the company. Responsibilities Plan and manage the company s internal file audit programme and ensure that all audits are completed in a timely manner Undertake the company s file review programme as per the agreed methodology, as defined by the Head of Internal Audit Assist in the execution of the Internal Audit Plan as agreed with the Audit Risk Committee Perform audits to the highest standard, providing full reports of areas audited, potential areas of exposure and recommendations for improvement Document, evaluate and test manual and automated systems and controls to determine their existence, adequacy, effectiveness and continuity ensuring Ensure compliance with all applicable Group policies and procedures Monitor and report on the results of the file review to the Head Internal Audit Provide relevant management information to senior management within the trading divisions of the Group Manage assigned projects and contribute to other projects as required Requirements Must come from an Insurance background Audit experience Experience in managing cross functional relationships at a senior level Good communicator Technical Competence Good understanding of internal controls and risk management Practical experience in an audit function Salary: ****  **** If you have the relevant experience please do not hesitate to contact us now on **** **** **** or email us at londonlawesgroup.co.uk Please Note: Due to the sheer volume of applications we receive, we will only contact successful applications. Therefore if you have not heard from us within **** working days please deem your application as unsuccessful. Don t miss out on new opportunities, visit our website" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00244.txt " Senior Internal Audit" " 69544219" " Lawes Insurance Recruitment" " Role: Senior Internal Audit Location: London We have an excellent new opportunity for the right individual to join one of our clients who are a highly successful and a very desirable organisation to work with. This role is for a Senior Internal Audit who will plan and conduct file review audits within the company to the highest standards and assist, upon request from the Head of Internal Audit, in the completion of internal audits within the company. Responsibilities Plan and manage the company s internal file audit programme and ensure that all audits are completed in a timely manner Undertake the company s file review programme as per the agreed methodology, as defined by the Head of Internal Audit Assist in the execution of the Internal Audit Plan as agreed with the Audit Risk Committee Perform audits to the highest standard, providing full reports of areas audited, potential areas of exposure and recommendations for improvement Document, evaluate and test manual and automated systems and controls to determine their existence, adequacy, effectiveness and continuity ensuring Ensure compliance with all applicable Group policies and procedures Monitor and report on the results of the file review to the Head Internal Audit Provide relevant management information to senior management within the trading divisions of the Group Manage assigned projects and contribute to other projects as required Requirements Must come from an Insurance background Audit experience Experience in managing cross functional relationships at a senior level Good communicator Technical Competence Good understanding of internal controls and risk management Practical experience in an audit function Salary: ****  **** If you have the relevant experience please do not hesitate to contact us now on **** **** **** or email us at londonlawesgroup.co.uk Please Note: Due to the sheer volume of applications we receive, we will only contact successful applications. Therefore if you have not heard from us within **** working days please deem your application as unsuccessful. Don t miss out on new opportunities, visit our website" "['senior', 'internal', 'audit', 'location', 'london', 'individual', 'highly', 'desirable', 'organisation', 'senior', 'internal', 'audit', 'plan', 'conduct', 'file', 'review', 'audits', 'highest', 'standards', 'assist', 'request', 'head', 'internal', 'audit', 'completion', 'internal', 'audits', 'responsibilities', 'plan', 'manage', 'internal', 'file', 'audit', 'programme', 'audits', 'completed', 'timely', 'manner', 'undertake', 'file', 'review', 'programme', 'agreed', 'methodology', 'defined', 'head', 'internal', 'audit', 'assist', 'execution', 'internal', 'audit', 'plan', 'agreed', 'audit', 'risk', 'committee', 'perform', 'audits', 'highest', 'standard', 'providing', 'reports', 'areas', 'potential', 'areas', 'exposure', 'recommendations', 'improvement', 'document', 'evaluate', 'test', 'manual', 'automated', 'controls', 'determine', 'adequacy', 'effectiveness', 'continuity', 'ensuring', 'compliance', 'applicable', 'group', 'policies', 'procedures', 'monitor', 'report', 'results', 'file', 'review', 'head', 'internal', 'audit', 'relevant', 'information', 'senior', 'trading', 'divisions', 'group', 'manage', 'assigned', 'projects', 'contribute', 'projects', 'requirements', 'insurance', 'background', 'audit', 'managing', 'cross', 'functional', 'relationships', 'senior', 'level', 'communicator', 'technical', 'competence', 'understanding', 'internal', 'controls', 'risk', 'practical', 'audit', 'function', 'relevant', 'hesitate', 'contact', 'email', 'note', 'due', 'sheer', 'volume', 'applications', 'receive', 'contact', 'applications', 'heard', 'days', 'deem', 'application', 'unsuccessful', 'don', 'miss', 'opportunities', 'visit', 'website']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: DB/DC Administrator
Webindex: 72115771
Company: IDEX Consulting LLP
Description: DB/DC Administrator Bristol ****  **** This excellent and forward thinking Pensions company are currently recruiting for a DB/DC administrator to join their friendly team. Working within a professional environment, you will utilise your skills to deliver a first class client experience. Responsibilities: To administer corporate pension schemes in accordance with contracts to the required standards and deadlines. Responsible for day to day administration for a portfolio of both DB and DC Occupational Pension Schemes. Carry out pension administration tasks and calculations accurately and in accordance with internal processes and company policies, adhering to procedures and standards regarding work and conduct Draft correspondence and reports Management of pensioner payrolls, pension increases and ensure the annual notification of the lifetime allowance used is notified to pensioners in a timely manner Management of trustee bank accounts including reconciliation and cashflow Management of unit reconciliations/lifestyle switches Management of investment of contributions Assisting the consultant/account manager with any documentation they require with carrying out their responsibilities Assisting team members as required and provide support to Team Leader /Operations Leader including deputising in their absence Deal with nonstandard client/member queries Day to day client responsibility, under guidance Skills required: Previous DB/DC experience Attention to detail Ability to communicate with people at all levels Strong telephone manner and communication skills Be a team player Dedication and enthusiasm If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful. Please visit (url removed) for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00393.txt " DB/DC Administrator" " 72115771" " IDEX Consulting LLP" " DB/DC Administrator Bristol ****  **** This excellent and forward thinking Pensions company are currently recruiting for a DB/DC administrator to join their friendly team. Working within a professional environment, you will utilise your skills to deliver a first class client experience. Responsibilities: To administer corporate pension schemes in accordance with contracts to the required standards and deadlines. Responsible for day to day administration for a portfolio of both DB and DC Occupational Pension Schemes. Carry out pension administration tasks and calculations accurately and in accordance with internal processes and company policies, adhering to procedures and standards regarding work and conduct Draft correspondence and reports Management of pensioner payrolls, pension increases and ensure the annual notification of the lifetime allowance used is notified to pensioners in a timely manner Management of trustee bank accounts including reconciliation and cashflow Management of unit reconciliations/lifestyle switches Management of investment of contributions Assisting the consultant/account manager with any documentation they require with carrying out their responsibilities Assisting team members as required and provide support to Team Leader /Operations Leader including deputising in their absence Deal with nonstandard client/member queries Day to day client responsibility, under guidance Skills required: Previous DB/DC experience Attention to detail Ability to communicate with people at all levels Strong telephone manner and communication skills Be a team player Dedication and enthusiasm If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful. Please visit (url removed) for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful" "['db', 'dc', 'administrator', 'bristol', 'forward', 'thinking', 'pensions', 'recruiting', 'db', 'dc', 'administrator', 'friendly', 'professional', 'environment', 'utilise', 'deliver', 'class', 'responsibilities', 'administer', 'corporate', 'pension', 'schemes', 'accordance', 'contracts', 'standards', 'deadlines', 'responsible', 'day', 'day', 'administration', 'portfolio', 'db', 'dc', 'occupational', 'pension', 'schemes', 'carry', 'pension', 'administration', 'tasks', 'calculations', 'accurately', 'accordance', 'internal', 'processes', 'policies', 'adhering', 'procedures', 'standards', 'conduct', 'draft', 'correspondence', 'reports', 'pension', 'increases', 'annual', 'lifetime', 'allowance', 'notified', 'timely', 'manner', 'bank', 'accounts', 'reconciliation', 'cashflow', 'unit', 'reconciliations', 'lifestyle', 'investment', 'contributions', 'assisting', 'consultant', 'account', 'documentation', 'require', 'carrying', 'responsibilities', 'assisting', 'members', 'leader', 'operations', 'leader', 'deputising', 'absence', 'deal', 'member', 'queries', 'day', 'day', 'responsibility', 'guidance', 'previous', 'db', 'dc', 'attention', 'detail', 'communicate', 'people', 'levels', 'telephone', 'manner', 'communication', 'player', 'dedication', 'enthusiasm', 'application', 'contact', 'discuss', 'detail', 'hours', 'receiving', 'application', 'application', 'unsuccessful', 'information', 'supplied', 'retained', 'connection', 'future', 'vacancies', 'due', 'overwhelming', 'application', 'response', 'receive', 'sources', 'hear', 'week', 'assume', 'application', 'unsuccessful', 'visit', 'url', 'removed', 'opportunities', 'foot', 'note', 'application', 'contact', 'discuss', 'detail', 'hours', 'receiving', 'application', 'application', 'unsuccessful', 'information', 'supplied', 'retained', 'connection', 'future', 'vacancies', 'due', 'overwhelming', 'application', 'response', 'receive', 'sources', 'hear', 'week', 'assume', 'application', 'unsuccessful']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Dental : Registered General Nurse Jobs in Hartlepool
Webindex: 71353597
Description: Flame Care Jobs  Registered General Nurse job in Hartlepool Night Nurse 33 hours Flame Care are currently working alongside a reputable care home business in recruiting a Registered General Nurse for their care home in Hartlepool. This leading organisation has been providing care services throughout the UK for over 16 years and they are dedicated to treating each of their residents with the respect they deserve and encouraging independence within a warm and friendly environment. Our Clinet are looking for a Registered General Nurse with previous experience of working in care homes. Good organisational and communication skills along with medication administration experience are essential. In return you will be rewarded with an excellent working environment within an organisation that is committed to providing you with ongoing training and development to ensure you will be providing the highest quality of care to meet the resident's needs. A comprehensive induction package is provided. All applicants must have Nursing qualification and current NMC registration, newly qualified RGN's will be considered. This is to work nights in the home  must be flexible on hours. To apply for this role or enquire about additional Healthcare Opportunities in the Hartlepool or Cleveland area  Contact Flame Health Freephone on **** **** **** or if calling from a mobile on **** **** alternatively email careersflamehealth.com Flame Health Associates LLP operates as an Employment Agency & employment Business" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00518.txt " Dental : Registered General Nurse Jobs in Hartlepool" " 71353597"  " Flame Care Jobs  Registered General Nurse job in Hartlepool Night Nurse 33 hours Flame Care are currently working alongside a reputable care home business in recruiting a Registered General Nurse for their care home in Hartlepool. This leading organisation has been providing care services throughout the UK for over 16 years and they are dedicated to treating each of their residents with the respect they deserve and encouraging independence within a warm and friendly environment. Our Clinet are looking for a Registered General Nurse with previous experience of working in care homes. Good organisational and communication skills along with medication administration experience are essential. In return you will be rewarded with an excellent working environment within an organisation that is committed to providing you with ongoing training and development to ensure you will be providing the highest quality of care to meet the resident's needs. A comprehensive induction package is provided. All applicants must have Nursing qualification and current NMC registration, newly qualified RGN's will be considered. This is to work nights in the home  must be flexible on hours. To apply for this role or enquire about additional Healthcare Opportunities in the Hartlepool or Cleveland area  Contact Flame Health Freephone on **** **** **** or if calling from a mobile on **** **** alternatively email careersflamehealth.com Flame Health Associates LLP operates as an Employment Agency & employment Business" "['flame', 'jobs', 'registered', 'general', 'nurse', 'hartlepool', 'night', 'nurse', 'hours', 'flame', 'alongside', 'reputable', 'recruiting', 'registered', 'general', 'nurse', 'hartlepool', 'organisation', 'providing', 'years', 'dedicated', 'treating', 'residents', 'respect', 'deserve', 'independence', 'warm', 'friendly', 'environment', 'registered', 'general', 'nurse', 'previous', 'homes', 'organisational', 'communication', 'medication', 'administration', 'essential', 'return', 'rewarded', 'environment', 'organisation', 'committed', 'providing', 'ongoing', 'providing', 'highest', 'quality', 'meet', ""resident's"", 'comprehensive', 'induction', 'package', 'provided', 'applicants', 'nursing', 'qualification', 'current', 'nmc', 'registration', 'newly', 'qualified', ""rgn's"", 'considered', 'nights', 'flexible', 'hours', 'enquire', 'additional', 'healthcare', 'opportunities', 'hartlepool', 'area', 'contact', 'flame', 'health', 'freephone', 'calling', 'mobile', 'alternatively', 'email', 'flame', 'health', 'associates', 'llp', 'operates', 'employment', 'agency', 'employment']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Process Engineer
Webindex: 70676894
Company: networx Ltd
Description: Our client is a leading global manufacturing company. They are now looking to recruit an experienced and qualified Process Engineer to analyse, audit, review and implement all process engineering activities in a timely fashion. Acting as the technical staff resource for the site, you will design processes and equipment to effectively produce the products. Using your expert knowledge, you will provide consistent work practices and procedures for production and maintenance within the plant to ensure optimum outputs are achieved safely, on time and on budget. The successful candidate will be educated to degree level, or equivalent with a detailed understanding of process engineering and operations. You should have strong IT skills, particularly within the Microsoft suite of packages. This role is based in Redcar and is commutable from Newcastle, Durham, Middlesbrough, Stockton on Tees and Darlington." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00103.txt " Process Engineer" " 70676894" " networx Ltd" " Our client is a leading global manufacturing company. They are now looking to recruit an experienced and qualified Process Engineer to analyse, audit, review and implement all process engineering activities in a timely fashion. Acting as the technical staff resource for the site, you will design processes and equipment to effectively produce the products. Using your expert knowledge, you will provide consistent work practices and procedures for production and maintenance within the plant to ensure optimum outputs are achieved safely, on time and on budget. The successful candidate will be educated to degree level, or equivalent with a detailed understanding of process engineering and operations. You should have strong IT skills, particularly within the Microsoft suite of packages. This role is based in Redcar and is commutable from Newcastle, Durham, Middlesbrough, Stockton on Tees and Darlington." "['global', 'manufacturing', 'recruit', 'experienced', 'qualified', 'process', 'analyse', 'audit', 'review', 'implement', 'process', 'activities', 'timely', 'fashion', 'acting', 'technical', 'resource', 'site', 'processes', 'equipment', 'effectively', 'produce', 'products', 'expert', 'consistent', 'practices', 'procedures', 'production', 'maintenance', 'plant', 'optimum', 'outputs', 'achieved', 'safely', 'time', 'budget', 'educated', 'degree', 'level', 'equivalent', 'detailed', 'understanding', 'process', 'operations', 'microsoft', 'suite', 'packages', 'redcar', 'commutable', 'newcastle', 'durham', 'middlesbrough', 'stockton', 'tees', 'darlington']" Engineering
"Title: Care Assistant Job Chichester
Webindex: 46632140
Description: You will provide the best quality of care to our customers in the Chichester, Bognor Regis and Midhurst areas  in our customer's homes. You will need a car to drive from customer to customer and will need to live close to one of the above areas. You will receive all training at our office in Chichester (a very high quality training facility). There is no upfront charge for the CRB. We provide personal care, companionship, medication support, specialist Dementia Care, and light domestic support. Most of our customers are elderly and we expect all our care workers to have a genuine passion for care. We provide far higher levels of supervisory support than other providers and you will never feel you are out there on your own. Please see our website and give us a call. We are happy for you to come in and have an informal chat to find out about us before committing to a formal interview." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00519.txt " Care Assistant Job Chichester" " 46632140"  " You will provide the best quality of care to our customers in the Chichester, Bognor Regis and Midhurst areas  in our customer's homes. You will need a car to drive from customer to customer and will need to live close to one of the above areas. You will receive all training at our office in Chichester (a very high quality training facility). There is no upfront charge for the CRB. We provide personal care, companionship, medication support, specialist Dementia Care, and light domestic support. Most of our customers are elderly and we expect all our care workers to have a genuine passion for care. We provide far higher levels of supervisory support than other providers and you will never feel you are out there on your own. Please see our website and give us a call. We are happy for you to come in and have an informal chat to find out about us before committing to a formal interview." "['quality', 'customers', 'chichester', 'regis', 'areas', ""customer's"", 'homes', 'car', 'drive', 'live', 'close', 'areas', 'receive', 'office', 'chichester', 'quality', 'facility', 'upfront', 'charge', 'crb', 'personal', 'companionship', 'medication', 'specialist', 'dementia', 'light', 'domestic', 'customers', 'elderly', 'expect', 'workers', 'genuine', 'passion', 'higher', 'levels', 'supervisory', 'providers', 'feel', 'website', 'give', 'call', 'happy', 'informal', 'chat', 'find', 'formal', 'interview']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Care assistants Gerrards Cross
Webindex: 46629905
Description: Car driver is essential due to location JOB PURPOSE: To assist in the provision of care and work as part of a team to achieve required standards. To ensure Residents retain their dignity and individuality. To be involved in the general activities of the Centre/Unit. SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE & QUALIFICATIONS Required:  NVQ level 12 in Care  Must demonstrate at least 12 months experience working with the relevant Client group  Genuine interest in working within a caring environment  Ability to work with differences  Ability to accept and act on instructions  Ability to communicate effectively at all levels  Team player  Good interpersonal skills  Willingness to participate in Vocational Training Programmes  Satisfactory Police Check and check against the POVA List (where applicable) Desired:  Relevant Vocational Qualification (achieved/working towards) MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES Care: Ensure the highest possible levels of care are maintained by supporting/assisting residents, when required, with washing, toileting, dressing, undressing, and all other aspects of daily living. Assist residents in all aspects of their care needs (e.g. physical, emotional and spiritual). Provide attention when needed, whilst ensuring Residents retain their comfort and dignity. Pay particular attention to assisting Residents who have limited mobility, or physical/learning difficulties, making the best use of aids provided. Closely monitor Residents who may be confused and/or who have behavioural problems. Assist in the promotion of continence. Assist in the delivery of care for Residents who are dying or who have a progressive illness. Assist with last offices. Observe care planning needs for Residents and complete written daily records as instructed and in line with the Company’s policies and procedures. Review and maintain care plans as per Key Worker role. Assist in framework of social activities by interacting with Residents and helping them continue with hobbies and activities in the Centre. Under the supervision and guidance of senior Care Staff, report on the wellbeing of Residents. Carry out regular checks on Residents at intervals determined by senior Staff Members. Make Visitors feel welcome. Provide refreshments/assistance as and when required. Make and change beds, ensuring that rooms are clean and tidy, and commodes are empty, in line with the Centre’s disposal of waste policy. Ensure the Centre’s resources are used appropriately Clean and maintain equipment used by Residents/Relatives e.g. wheelchairs, hearing aids,spectacles etc. Ensure the Centre is kept clean and tidy, in line with the Company’s attention to detail philosophy. If applicable, care for Residents’ clothing and rooms as named, and ensure that all clothing is recorded and clearly marked. Ensure full privacy and dignity is maintained for the dying and the bereaved, in line with the Company’s policies and procedures. Assist Residents who need help during meal times (be aware of swallowing difficulties, dietary requirements etc). Assist with serving of food/drinks as requested/ required. Wash up as requested/required. Escort Residents travelling to and from the Centre e.g. on social outings, hospital visits etc. Practice maximum integrity in all dealings with Residents' personal and financial affairs, and avoid abuse of the privileged relationship that exists with Residents" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00572.txt " Care assistants Gerrards Cross" " 46629905"  " Car driver is essential due to location JOB PURPOSE: To assist in the provision of care and work as part of a team to achieve required standards. To ensure Residents retain their dignity and individuality. To be involved in the general activities of the Centre/Unit. SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE & QUALIFICATIONS Required:  NVQ level 12 in Care  Must demonstrate at least 12 months experience working with the relevant Client group  Genuine interest in working within a caring environment  Ability to work with differences  Ability to accept and act on instructions  Ability to communicate effectively at all levels  Team player  Good interpersonal skills  Willingness to participate in Vocational Training Programmes  Satisfactory Police Check and check against the POVA List (where applicable) Desired:  Relevant Vocational Qualification (achieved/working towards) MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES Care: Ensure the highest possible levels of care are maintained by supporting/assisting residents, when required, with washing, toileting, dressing, undressing, and all other aspects of daily living. Assist residents in all aspects of their care needs (e.g. physical, emotional and spiritual). Provide attention when needed, whilst ensuring Residents retain their comfort and dignity. Pay particular attention to assisting Residents who have limited mobility, or physical/learning difficulties, making the best use of aids provided. Closely monitor Residents who may be confused and/or who have behavioural problems. Assist in the promotion of continence. Assist in the delivery of care for Residents who are dying or who have a progressive illness. Assist with last offices. Observe care planning needs for Residents and complete written daily records as instructed and in line with the Company’s policies and procedures. Review and maintain care plans as per Key Worker role. Assist in framework of social activities by interacting with Residents and helping them continue with hobbies and activities in the Centre. Under the supervision and guidance of senior Care Staff, report on the wellbeing of Residents. Carry out regular checks on Residents at intervals determined by senior Staff Members. Make Visitors feel welcome. Provide refreshments/assistance as and when required. Make and change beds, ensuring that rooms are clean and tidy, and commodes are empty, in line with the Centre’s disposal of waste policy. Ensure the Centre’s resources are used appropriately Clean and maintain equipment used by Residents/Relatives e.g. wheelchairs, hearing aids,spectacles etc. Ensure the Centre is kept clean and tidy, in line with the Company’s attention to detail philosophy. If applicable, care for Residents’ clothing and rooms as named, and ensure that all clothing is recorded and clearly marked. Ensure full privacy and dignity is maintained for the dying and the bereaved, in line with the Company’s policies and procedures. Assist Residents who need help during meal times (be aware of swallowing difficulties, dietary requirements etc). Assist with serving of food/drinks as requested/ required. Wash up as requested/required. Escort Residents travelling to and from the Centre e.g. on social outings, hospital visits etc. Practice maximum integrity in all dealings with Residents' personal and financial affairs, and avoid abuse of the privileged relationship that exists with Residents" "['car', 'driver', 'essential', 'due', 'location', 'purpose', 'assist', 'provision', 'part', 'achieve', 'standards', 'residents', 'retain', 'dignity', 'individuality', 'involved', 'general', 'activities', 'centre', 'unit', 'qualifications', 'nvq', 'level', 'demonstrate', 'months', 'relevant', 'group', 'genuine', 'interest', 'caring', 'environment', 'differences', 'accept', 'act', 'instructions', 'communicate', 'effectively', 'levels', 'player', 'interpersonal', 'willingness', 'participate', 'vocational', 'programmes', 'satisfactory', 'police', 'check', 'check', 'pova', 'list', 'applicable', 'desired', 'relevant', 'vocational', 'qualification', 'achieved', 'main', 'responsibilities', 'highest', 'levels', 'maintained', 'supporting', 'assisting', 'residents', 'washing', 'toileting', 'dressing', 'undressing', 'aspects', 'daily', 'living', 'assist', 'residents', 'aspects', 'physical', 'emotional', 'spiritual', 'attention', 'needed', 'whilst', 'ensuring', 'residents', 'retain', 'comfort', 'dignity', 'pay', 'attention', 'assisting', 'residents', 'limited', 'mobility', 'physical', 'learning', 'difficulties', 'making', 'aids', 'provided', 'closely', 'monitor', 'residents', 'behavioural', 'problems', 'assist', 'promotion', 'assist', 'delivery', 'residents', 'dying', 'progressive', 'illness', 'assist', 'offices', 'planning', 'residents', 'complete', 'written', 'daily', 'records', 'instructed', 'line', 'policies', 'procedures', 'review', 'maintain', 'plans', 'key', 'worker', 'assist', 'framework', 'social', 'activities', 'interacting', 'residents', 'helping', 'continue', 'hobbies', 'activities', 'centre', 'supervision', 'guidance', 'senior', 'report', 'wellbeing', 'residents', 'carry', 'regular', 'checks', 'residents', 'intervals', 'determined', 'senior', 'members', 'make', 'visitors', 'feel', 'assistance', 'make', 'change', 'beds', 'ensuring', 'rooms', 'clean', 'tidy', 'line', 'centre', 'disposal', 'waste', 'policy', 'centre', 'resources', 'appropriately', 'clean', 'maintain', 'equipment', 'residents', 'relatives', 'hearing', 'aids', 'centre', 'clean', 'tidy', 'line', 'attention', 'detail', 'applicable', 'residents', 'clothing', 'rooms', 'named', 'clothing', 'recorded', 'privacy', 'dignity', 'maintained', 'dying', 'line', 'policies', 'procedures', 'assist', 'residents', 'meal', 'times', 'aware', 'difficulties', 'requirements', 'assist', 'serving', 'food', 'drinks', 'requested', 'wash', 'requested', 'residents', 'travelling', 'centre', 'social', 'hospital', 'visits', 'practice', 'maximum', 'integrity', 'dealings', 'residents', 'personal', 'affairs', 'relationship', 'exists', 'residents']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Theatre Nurse RGN/ODP
Webindex: 64805954
Description: Theatre Nurse RGN/ODP Berkshire Permanent Full time **** to **** Compass Associates is helping a private hospital to look for an experienced Theatre nurse with experience of scrub. The ideal candidate will have between **** and 6 years experience and be flexible with shifts. Surgery usually occurs between **** and 21.00 Monday to Friday and on 'rare' occasions Saturdays and will include some on call requirements. As well as a salary the hospital offers additional benefits. Employment is subject to CRB checks and positive references being received. To apply for this position please email your CV to ebucklecompassltd.co.uk or call Ewan Buckle at Compass Associates on **** **** **** ." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00535.txt " Theatre Nurse RGN/ODP" " 64805954"  " Theatre Nurse RGN/ODP Berkshire Permanent Full time **** to **** Compass Associates is helping a private hospital to look for an experienced Theatre nurse with experience of scrub. The ideal candidate will have between **** and 6 years experience and be flexible with shifts. Surgery usually occurs between **** and 21.00 Monday to Friday and on 'rare' occasions Saturdays and will include some on call requirements. As well as a salary the hospital offers additional benefits. Employment is subject to CRB checks and positive references being received. To apply for this position please email your CV to ebucklecompassltd.co.uk or call Ewan Buckle at Compass Associates on **** **** **** ." "['theatre', 'nurse', 'rgn', 'odp', 'berkshire', 'permanent', 'time', 'compass', 'associates', 'helping', 'private', 'hospital', 'experienced', 'theatre', 'nurse', 'scrub', 'ideal', 'years', 'flexible', 'shifts', 'surgery', 'occurs', 'monday', 'friday', 'rare', 'occasions', 'saturdays', 'include', 'call', 'requirements', 'hospital', 'offers', 'additional', 'benefits', 'employment', 'subject', 'crb', 'checks', 'positive', 'references', 'received', 'email', 'cv', 'call', 'ewan', 'buckle', 'compass', 'associates']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Primary Care Clinical Education Coordinator
Webindex: 72342158
Company: Finegreen Associates
Description: Our client, a NHS organisation in London is looking to recruit an interim Primary Care Clinical Education Coordinator for a 36 month contract. Main Responsibilities: The post holder will rapidly put in place a structure for an education strategy and then an action plan for delivering it, focusing on those redesign areas which are consistent with CCG Commissioning Intentions, of which its QIPP programme is a part, and which also support the strengthening of primary care provision. The post holder will also be required to implement actions identified within the plan where these are within the timeframe of employment. Key Requirements:  Develop a primary care education strategy for general practice in a London Borough  Develop the action plan to underpin the local primary care education strategy for the next 12 months, guided by the GP leads for education and primary care as well as the managerial lead for QIPP You will ideally have an education background with extensive NHS experience. For more information please contact Ben Howlett on **** **** **** To apply please send an email to ben.howlettfinegreen.co.ukThis email address is being protected from spam bots, you need JavaScript enabled to view it containing the job reference and your latest CV, with notes on your availability, and a cover note explaining why you are a suitable candidate for the role." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00574.txt " Primary Care Clinical Education Coordinator" " 72342158" " Finegreen Associates" " Our client, a NHS organisation in London is looking to recruit an interim Primary Care Clinical Education Coordinator for a 36 month contract. Main Responsibilities: The post holder will rapidly put in place a structure for an education strategy and then an action plan for delivering it, focusing on those redesign areas which are consistent with CCG Commissioning Intentions, of which its QIPP programme is a part, and which also support the strengthening of primary care provision. The post holder will also be required to implement actions identified within the plan where these are within the timeframe of employment. Key Requirements:  Develop a primary care education strategy for general practice in a London Borough  Develop the action plan to underpin the local primary care education strategy for the next 12 months, guided by the GP leads for education and primary care as well as the managerial lead for QIPP You will ideally have an education background with extensive NHS experience. For more information please contact Ben Howlett on **** **** **** To apply please send an email to ben.howlettfinegreen.co.ukThis email address is being protected from spam bots, you need JavaScript enabled to view it containing the job reference and your latest CV, with notes on your availability, and a cover note explaining why you are a suitable candidate for the role." "['nhs', 'organisation', 'london', 'recruit', 'interim', 'primary', 'clinical', 'education', 'coordinator', 'month', 'contract', 'main', 'responsibilities', 'post', 'holder', 'rapidly', 'put', 'place', 'structure', 'education', 'strategy', 'action', 'plan', 'delivering', 'focusing', 'areas', 'consistent', 'commissioning', 'qipp', 'programme', 'part', 'strengthening', 'primary', 'provision', 'post', 'holder', 'implement', 'actions', 'identified', 'plan', 'timeframe', 'employment', 'key', 'requirements', 'develop', 'primary', 'education', 'strategy', 'general', 'practice', 'london', 'develop', 'action', 'plan', 'underpin', 'local', 'primary', 'education', 'strategy', 'months', 'guided', 'gp', 'leads', 'education', 'primary', 'managerial', 'lead', 'qipp', 'ideally', 'education', 'background', 'extensive', 'nhs', 'information', 'contact', 'ben', 'send', 'email', 'ben', 'email', 'address', 'protected', 'javascript', 'enabled', 'view', 'reference', 'latest', 'cv', 'notes', 'availability', 'cover', 'note', 'explaining', 'suitable']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Laundry Field Service Engineer  Gloucester
Webindex: 68712859
Company: Redline Group Ltd
Description: Our client is the largest inhouse laundry provider in the UK Ireland. They are currently recruiting for a Laundry Field Service Engineer  Gloucester to repair maintain laundry sites and equipment. You must have strong, demonstrable electrical and mechanical engineering experience (with appropriate qualifications) ideally from a commercial service background or white goods / catering, however applicants from a domestic background are also welcome to apply. You must have a strong technical mind coupled with the ability to demonstrate an understanding of the Laundry Field Service Engineer's role. Based in Gloucester , you will be an ambassador for the company, repairing equipment/maintaining sites and offering problem solving practical advice, whilst providing excellent after sale customer service and care. The successful applicant will possess all of the above, be punctual and reliable with a strong sense of problem solving, responsibility and ownership. Essential requirements are: HNC minimum or equivalent within electrical engineering Demonstrable field service experience Demonstrable experience of fault finding on both single and **** phase Weekend working rota is 1 weekend in **** APPLY now for the Laundry Field Service Engineer  Gloucester by sending your CV with covering letter to Glesurfredlinegroup.Com quoting reference GLS****/**** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LaundryFieldServiceEngineerGloucester_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00144.txt " Laundry Field Service Engineer  Gloucester" " 68712859" " Redline Group Ltd" " Our client is the largest inhouse laundry provider in the UK Ireland. They are currently recruiting for a Laundry Field Service Engineer  Gloucester to repair maintain laundry sites and equipment. You must have strong, demonstrable electrical and mechanical engineering experience (with appropriate qualifications) ideally from a commercial service background or white goods / catering, however applicants from a domestic background are also welcome to apply. You must have a strong technical mind coupled with the ability to demonstrate an understanding of the Laundry Field Service Engineer's role. Based in Gloucester , you will be an ambassador for the company, repairing equipment/maintaining sites and offering problem solving practical advice, whilst providing excellent after sale customer service and care. The successful applicant will possess all of the above, be punctual and reliable with a strong sense of problem solving, responsibility and ownership. Essential requirements are: HNC minimum or equivalent within electrical engineering Demonstrable field service experience Demonstrable experience of fault finding on both single and **** phase Weekend working rota is 1 weekend in **** APPLY now for the Laundry Field Service Engineer  Gloucester by sending your CV with covering letter to Glesurfredlinegroup.Com quoting reference GLS****/**** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LaundryFieldServiceEngineerGloucester_job****" "['largest', 'inhouse', 'laundry', 'provider', 'ireland', 'recruiting', 'laundry', 'field', 'gloucester', 'repair', 'maintain', 'laundry', 'sites', 'equipment', 'demonstrable', 'electrical', 'mechanical', 'qualifications', 'ideally', 'commercial', 'background', 'white', 'goods', 'catering', 'applicants', 'domestic', 'background', 'technical', 'mind', 'coupled', 'demonstrate', 'understanding', 'laundry', 'field', 'gloucester', 'ambassador', 'repairing', 'equipment', 'maintaining', 'sites', 'offering', 'problem', 'solving', 'practical', 'advice', 'whilst', 'providing', 'sale', 'applicant', 'possess', 'punctual', 'reliable', 'sense', 'problem', 'solving', 'responsibility', 'ownership', 'essential', 'requirements', 'hnc', 'minimum', 'equivalent', 'electrical', 'demonstrable', 'field', 'demonstrable', 'fault', 'finding', 'single', 'phase', 'weekend', 'rota', 'weekend', 'laundry', 'field', 'gloucester', 'sending', 'cv', 'covering', 'letter', 'quoting', 'reference', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: National Account Manager
Webindex: 68697153
Company: Hays
Description: National Account Manager Our client is a real success story with an established and significant reputation in the OTC, consumer products market with customers that include all the major multiples like Tesco, Amazon and Sainsbury's. With a product range of over **** items the company has grown from strength to strength with an account management network across the UK. A significant opportunity has arisen to join the existing team of National Account Managers. The key to this position is management of a Key National Account namely Tesco. Accounts will also include Morrisons, Sainsbury's and some key Wholesale Accounts. Based from home you will manage these key national accounts and provide a high level of service to key contacts at the designated accounts. You will also be expected to target new business in key areas where the range can be specified. It is expected new business will be 50% of the role. On offer is an excellent salary, established team with a great Senior Management team. Members of the team are looked after and the vast majority of the staff stay with the company for a long period. The role will be based predominantly based from home and you be expected to make client visits when necessary. Package includes a basic of **** and an on target earnings of **** There is a fully expensed car that includes private mileage paid. A pensions contribution is also made, Healthshield is also included. Please contact Graham for a private and confidential consultation TODAY Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NationalAccountManager_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00644.txt " National Account Manager" " 68697153" " Hays" " National Account Manager Our client is a real success story with an established and significant reputation in the OTC, consumer products market with customers that include all the major multiples like Tesco, Amazon and Sainsbury's. With a product range of over **** items the company has grown from strength to strength with an account management network across the UK. A significant opportunity has arisen to join the existing team of National Account Managers. The key to this position is management of a Key National Account namely Tesco. Accounts will also include Morrisons, Sainsbury's and some key Wholesale Accounts. Based from home you will manage these key national accounts and provide a high level of service to key contacts at the designated accounts. You will also be expected to target new business in key areas where the range can be specified. It is expected new business will be 50% of the role. On offer is an excellent salary, established team with a great Senior Management team. Members of the team are looked after and the vast majority of the staff stay with the company for a long period. The role will be based predominantly based from home and you be expected to make client visits when necessary. Package includes a basic of **** and an on target earnings of **** There is a fully expensed car that includes private mileage paid. A pensions contribution is also made, Healthshield is also included. Please contact Graham for a private and confidential consultation TODAY Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NationalAccountManager_job****" "['national', 'account', 'real', 'success', 'story', 'established', 'significant', 'reputation', 'otc', 'consumer', 'products', 'market', 'customers', 'include', 'major', 'multiples', 'tesco', ""sainsbury's"", 'product', 'range', 'items', 'grown', 'strength', 'strength', 'account', 'network', 'significant', 'arisen', 'existing', 'national', 'account', 'managers', 'key', 'key', 'national', 'account', 'tesco', 'accounts', 'include', 'morrisons', ""sainsbury's"", 'key', 'wholesale', 'accounts', 'manage', 'key', 'national', 'accounts', 'level', 'key', 'contacts', 'designated', 'accounts', 'expected', 'target', 'key', 'areas', 'range', 'expected', 'offer', 'established', 'great', 'senior', 'members', 'looked', 'vast', 'majority', 'stay', 'long', 'period', 'predominantly', 'expected', 'make', 'visits', 'package', 'includes', 'basic', 'target', 'earnings', 'fully', 'expensed', 'car', 'includes', 'private', 'mileage', 'paid', 'pensions', 'contribution', 'made', 'included', 'contact', 'private', 'confidential', 'consultation', 'today', 'hays', 'specialist', 'limited', 'acts', 'employment', 'agency', 'permanent', 'employment', 'supply', 'temporary', 'workers', 'applying', 'accept', 'privacy', 'policy', 'disclaimers', 'found', 'hays', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: MIG Welders  Temp to Perm  January start
Webindex: 69079778
Company: Forde Recruitment Ltd
Description: MIG WELDERS REQUIRED DONCASTER TEMP TO PERM POSITIONS REGULAR DAYS We are currently recruiting for MIG Welders for positions in the Doncaster area to start in January 2013. Duties will include MIG welding work on small to medium items. Previous MIG welding experience is essential and the ability to read from drawings is an advantage but not essential. Candidates will be required to attend a weld test to check suitability for role" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00039.txt " MIG Welders  Temp to Perm  January start" " 69079778" " Forde Recruitment Ltd" " MIG WELDERS REQUIRED DONCASTER TEMP TO PERM POSITIONS REGULAR DAYS We are currently recruiting for MIG Welders for positions in the Doncaster area to start in January 2013. Duties will include MIG welding work on small to medium items. Previous MIG welding experience is essential and the ability to read from drawings is an advantage but not essential. Candidates will be required to attend a weld test to check suitability for role" "['mig', 'welders', 'doncaster', 'temp', 'perm', 'positions', 'regular', 'days', 'recruiting', 'mig', 'welders', 'positions', 'doncaster', 'area', 'start', 'january', 'duties', 'include', 'mig', 'welding', 'small', 'medium', 'items', 'previous', 'mig', 'welding', 'essential', 'read', 'drawings', 'advantage', 'essential', 'candidates', 'attend', 'weld', 'test', 'check', 'suitability']" Engineering
"Title: Older Persons Care Manager West Sussex  Burgess Hill
Webindex: 69817467
Company: Service Care Solutions
Description: A fantastic opportunity has arisen for an Older Persons Assisting Living care Manager working within an older persons service based in West Sussex. Candidates for this role will ideally have their NVQ level 4/RMA or equivalent in health and social care although candidates without these qualifications and experience of managing social care services will also be considered. For this role it is essential that you have experience working in older peoples services, in either domiciliary care or residential care. Candidates from A learning disabilities background will not be considered due to the nature of the work. Candidates who have previously worked in assisted living would be highly desirable but not essential. Within this role you will be responsible for taking overall responsibly of the day to day running of the assisted living service and leading, supervising and supporting staff teams within the development. You will also take responsibility of promoting domiciliary care services to local residents and become the registered manager of the services. Your main duties will include: • Registering with CQC as the Registered Care Manager • Working closely with internal organisations to ensure the effective recruitment and management of staff • Supervising and appraising all support staff and performance management responsibilities • Ensuring all company policies and procedures are implemented and maintained. • Managing all budgets and financial policies • overall service responsibilities and ensuring effective service delivery is maintained If you would be interested in this fulltime permanent role working as part of a prestigious company, please call Jon Wade  Service Care Solutions on **** **** **** **** to apply." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00570.txt " Older Persons Care Manager West Sussex  Burgess Hill" " 69817467" " Service Care Solutions" " A fantastic opportunity has arisen for an Older Persons Assisting Living care Manager working within an older persons service based in West Sussex. Candidates for this role will ideally have their NVQ level 4/RMA or equivalent in health and social care although candidates without these qualifications and experience of managing social care services will also be considered. For this role it is essential that you have experience working in older peoples services, in either domiciliary care or residential care. Candidates from A learning disabilities background will not be considered due to the nature of the work. Candidates who have previously worked in assisted living would be highly desirable but not essential. Within this role you will be responsible for taking overall responsibly of the day to day running of the assisted living service and leading, supervising and supporting staff teams within the development. You will also take responsibility of promoting domiciliary care services to local residents and become the registered manager of the services. Your main duties will include: • Registering with CQC as the Registered Care Manager • Working closely with internal organisations to ensure the effective recruitment and management of staff • Supervising and appraising all support staff and performance management responsibilities • Ensuring all company policies and procedures are implemented and maintained. • Managing all budgets and financial policies • overall service responsibilities and ensuring effective service delivery is maintained If you would be interested in this fulltime permanent role working as part of a prestigious company, please call Jon Wade  Service Care Solutions on **** **** **** **** to apply." "['fantastic', 'arisen', 'older', 'persons', 'assisting', 'living', 'older', 'persons', 'west', 'sussex', 'candidates', 'ideally', 'nvq', 'level', 'rma', 'equivalent', 'health', 'social', 'candidates', 'qualifications', 'managing', 'social', 'considered', 'essential', 'older', 'peoples', 'domiciliary', 'residential', 'candidates', 'learning', 'disabilities', 'background', 'considered', 'due', 'nature', 'candidates', 'previously', 'worked', 'assisted', 'living', 'highly', 'desirable', 'essential', 'responsible', 'taking', 'day', 'day', 'running', 'assisted', 'living', 'supervising', 'supporting', 'teams', 'responsibility', 'promoting', 'domiciliary', 'local', 'residents', 'registered', 'main', 'duties', 'include', 'registering', 'cqc', 'registered', 'closely', 'internal', 'organisations', 'effective', 'supervising', 'appraising', 'performance', 'responsibilities', 'ensuring', 'policies', 'procedures', 'implemented', 'maintained', 'managing', 'budgets', 'policies', 'responsibilities', 'ensuring', 'effective', 'delivery', 'maintained', 'interested', 'fulltime', 'permanent', 'part', 'prestigious', 'call', 'jon', 'solutions']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: CNC Programmer (Supervisor)
Webindex: 72679817
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment Limited
Description: CNC Programmer (Supervisor) Dinnington Are you a CNC Programmer looking to work for a internationally recognised specialist Engineering company, offering excellent Training, Managerial career progression and a Technically interesting role? Here is a role for a CNC Programmer, looking for a company taking CNC Manufacturing forward by introducing Lean Manufacturing techniques, offering excellent training and fantastic career progression prospects into management. The company produce steel cable systems to the global construction industry for use in bridges, stadiums and other major construction projects. They operate a multimillion operation and have the goal to increase their global market share by introducing Lean Manufacturing techniques to their process. The role involves supervising **** Operators through a change program following the company going from being a large, but traditional organisation to a Lean Manufacturing orientated business. The role involves programming Fanuc for the operators and requires someone with the skills to deal with a challenging workforce and a strong desire to see the company goals through. Here is a position for a career hungry CNC Programmer, that wants to work for a forward thinking major organisation in a supervisory role where you can get your foot in the door for a great future career. The Role: CNC Programmer (Supervisor) Supervising **** Operators Programming Fanuc Controls CNC Operating Demonstrating ****S **** per hour/37.75 hour week 2 Shift Pattern 62/**** with rare 3rd night shift twice a year The Person: CNC Programmer (Team Leader) Supervisory experience Can Program on Fanuc Can Operate Understands 5S Has knowledge of or wants training on Lean Manufacturing Wants career progression and training Happy to work rare night shift CNC, Programmer, Operator, Fanuc, Programming, Lathe, Miller, Turner, 5S, Team leader, supervisor, steel, manufacturing, Lean, GSCE, Apprentice, mechanical Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd regrets to inform that our client can only accept applications from candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. Potential candidates who do not have this right or permit, or are pending an application to obtain this right or permit should not apply as your details will not be processed." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00226.txt " CNC Programmer (Supervisor)" " 72679817" " Rise Technical Recruitment Limited" " CNC Programmer (Supervisor) Dinnington Are you a CNC Programmer looking to work for a internationally recognised specialist Engineering company, offering excellent Training, Managerial career progression and a Technically interesting role? Here is a role for a CNC Programmer, looking for a company taking CNC Manufacturing forward by introducing Lean Manufacturing techniques, offering excellent training and fantastic career progression prospects into management. The company produce steel cable systems to the global construction industry for use in bridges, stadiums and other major construction projects. They operate a multimillion operation and have the goal to increase their global market share by introducing Lean Manufacturing techniques to their process. The role involves supervising **** Operators through a change program following the company going from being a large, but traditional organisation to a Lean Manufacturing orientated business. The role involves programming Fanuc for the operators and requires someone with the skills to deal with a challenging workforce and a strong desire to see the company goals through. Here is a position for a career hungry CNC Programmer, that wants to work for a forward thinking major organisation in a supervisory role where you can get your foot in the door for a great future career. The Role: CNC Programmer (Supervisor) Supervising **** Operators Programming Fanuc Controls CNC Operating Demonstrating ****S **** per hour/37.75 hour week 2 Shift Pattern 62/**** with rare 3rd night shift twice a year The Person: CNC Programmer (Team Leader) Supervisory experience Can Program on Fanuc Can Operate Understands 5S Has knowledge of or wants training on Lean Manufacturing Wants career progression and training Happy to work rare night shift CNC, Programmer, Operator, Fanuc, Programming, Lathe, Miller, Turner, 5S, Team leader, supervisor, steel, manufacturing, Lean, GSCE, Apprentice, mechanical Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd regrets to inform that our client can only accept applications from candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. Potential candidates who do not have this right or permit, or are pending an application to obtain this right or permit should not apply as your details will not be processed." "['cnc', 'programmer', 'supervisor', 'cnc', 'programmer', 'internationally', 'recognised', 'specialist', 'offering', 'managerial', 'career', 'progression', 'technically', 'interesting', 'cnc', 'programmer', 'taking', 'cnc', 'manufacturing', 'forward', 'introducing', 'lean', 'manufacturing', 'techniques', 'offering', 'fantastic', 'career', 'progression', 'prospects', 'produce', 'steel', 'cable', 'global', 'construction', 'industry', 'major', 'construction', 'projects', 'operate', 'multimillion', 'operation', 'goal', 'increase', 'global', 'market', 'share', 'introducing', 'lean', 'manufacturing', 'techniques', 'process', 'involves', 'supervising', 'operators', 'change', 'program', 'large', 'traditional', 'organisation', 'lean', 'manufacturing', 'orientated', 'involves', 'programming', 'fanuc', 'operators', 'requires', 'deal', 'challenging', 'workforce', 'desire', 'goals', 'career', 'hungry', 'cnc', 'programmer', 'forward', 'thinking', 'major', 'organisation', 'supervisory', 'foot', 'door', 'great', 'future', 'career', 'cnc', 'programmer', 'supervisor', 'supervising', 'operators', 'programming', 'fanuc', 'controls', 'cnc', 'operating', 'demonstrating', 'hour', 'hour', 'week', 'shift', 'pattern', 'rare', 'night', 'shift', 'year', 'person', 'cnc', 'programmer', 'leader', 'supervisory', 'program', 'fanuc', 'operate', 'understands', 'lean', 'manufacturing', 'career', 'progression', 'happy', 'rare', 'night', 'shift', 'cnc', 'programmer', 'operator', 'fanuc', 'programming', 'lathe', 'miller', 'turner', 'leader', 'supervisor', 'steel', 'manufacturing', 'lean', 'apprentice', 'mechanical', 'rise', 'technical', 'inform', 'accept', 'applications', 'candidates', 'valid', 'legal', 'permit', 'united', 'kingdom', 'potential', 'candidates', 'permit', 'application', 'obtain', 'permit', 'details', 'processed']" Engineering
"Title: Home Manager  Reading
Webindex: 68310385
Company: Healthworks Recruitment
Description: Our Client, a national provider of care services for older persons, seeks to appoint an accomplished Registered Manager for a 75 bedded residential care home with nursing for individuals with dementia and other age related conditions. The provision provides a high standard of care within a modern but homely environment.The successful candidate will be an experienced manager with significant knowledge of the resident group, being able to lead and support nursing and care staff in the delivery of person centred care. Additionally the incumbent with be highly organised in care administration, regulatory compliance and financial management.CV applications and enquiries are sought from registered nurses RNMH /RNLD / RGN with RMA or similar accreditation and at least 2 years home management experience." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00478.txt " Home Manager  Reading" " 68310385" " Healthworks Recruitment" " Our Client, a national provider of care services for older persons, seeks to appoint an accomplished Registered Manager for a 75 bedded residential care home with nursing for individuals with dementia and other age related conditions. The provision provides a high standard of care within a modern but homely environment.The successful candidate will be an experienced manager with significant knowledge of the resident group, being able to lead and support nursing and care staff in the delivery of person centred care. Additionally the incumbent with be highly organised in care administration, regulatory compliance and financial management.CV applications and enquiries are sought from registered nurses RNMH /RNLD / RGN with RMA or similar accreditation and at least 2 years home management experience." "['national', 'provider', 'older', 'persons', 'seeks', 'appoint', 'accomplished', 'registered', 'bedded', 'residential', 'nursing', 'individuals', 'dementia', 'age', 'related', 'conditions', 'provision', 'standard', 'modern', 'homely', 'environment', 'experienced', 'significant', 'resident', 'group', 'lead', 'nursing', 'delivery', 'person', 'centred', 'additionally', 'incumbent', 'highly', 'organised', 'administration', 'regulatory', 'compliance', 'cv', 'applications', 'enquiries', 'sought', 'registered', 'nurses', 'rnld', 'rgn', 'rma', 'similar', 'accreditation', 'years']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Corporate Business Development Executive
Webindex: 55414504
Company: JOBG8
Description: Realex Payments is a leading payments service provider with over **** clients processing over ****bn in online payments per annum. Operating closely with financial institutions, we provide a suite of services around payment processing, fraud & risk management and currency tools. Come and help us build the future of payments in a growing company with real potential for professional and personal growth We will develop your expertise and skills, working together to excel and grow. Our Hiring Manager says: Realex Payments continue to experience rapid growth across the organisation and in particular have had significant success in our UK operations. We are firmly committed to growing our capacity here and will be expanding our team accordingly. Based out of Hammersmith, London, the UK Business Development team focus on selling to both SME and corporate clients and we are now looking for a successful sales professional to join our UK Corporate Business Development Team. New business is the primary focus of this role thus requiring highly motivated individuals, with extensive proven networks, who will continue to deliver on agreed targets. What you will be doing: Generate leads at a senior level through existing network or direct channels, develop the pipeline and to follow through the sales cycle to go live. Understand a prospects current process, map it out and to apply the Realex solution as required. There will be a training period of approx 3 months during which time the candidate may be required to spend some time between at our Head office in Dublin. While this role is office based, we will consider partial home working after a period of time depending on the level of sales support the candidate requires. The individual needs to be highly motivated and driven towards achieving/exceeding their targets. The individual must maintain a consistently high level of industry knowledge at all times. Present to the highest level and document all process and leads. What qualities you will bring: A minimum of six years senior sales experience in the software as a service, card payments and/or the travel and retail sector. A background in generating high level corporate solution sales with a proven track record of achieving excellent results is required It is essential that the candidate has an extensive network in travel or retail and experience of software as a service solutions selling. Demonstrate strong sales planning skills both at a sector level and at individual corporate prospect level. It is essential that the applicant can display a history of successful direct sales into large corporate clients in either the Retail or Travel sector. Experience in a long, consultative sales cycle is required with a strong attention to detail. The ideal candidate will preferably have a third level or professional qualification. It helps if you also are/have: Experience in payments is desirable. Does this sound like you? If you think you are the person for the role apply now to progress your career in the payments industry We are offering an excellent basic salary, all expenses, with an opportunity to command a significant OTE further details on application." 3 data/Sales\Job_00709.txt " Corporate Business Development Executive" " 55414504" " JOBG8" " Realex Payments is a leading payments service provider with over **** clients processing over ****bn in online payments per annum. Operating closely with financial institutions, we provide a suite of services around payment processing, fraud & risk management and currency tools. Come and help us build the future of payments in a growing company with real potential for professional and personal growth We will develop your expertise and skills, working together to excel and grow. Our Hiring Manager says: Realex Payments continue to experience rapid growth across the organisation and in particular have had significant success in our UK operations. We are firmly committed to growing our capacity here and will be expanding our team accordingly. Based out of Hammersmith, London, the UK Business Development team focus on selling to both SME and corporate clients and we are now looking for a successful sales professional to join our UK Corporate Business Development Team. New business is the primary focus of this role thus requiring highly motivated individuals, with extensive proven networks, who will continue to deliver on agreed targets. What you will be doing: Generate leads at a senior level through existing network or direct channels, develop the pipeline and to follow through the sales cycle to go live. Understand a prospects current process, map it out and to apply the Realex solution as required. There will be a training period of approx 3 months during which time the candidate may be required to spend some time between at our Head office in Dublin. While this role is office based, we will consider partial home working after a period of time depending on the level of sales support the candidate requires. The individual needs to be highly motivated and driven towards achieving/exceeding their targets. The individual must maintain a consistently high level of industry knowledge at all times. Present to the highest level and document all process and leads. What qualities you will bring: A minimum of six years senior sales experience in the software as a service, card payments and/or the travel and retail sector. A background in generating high level corporate solution sales with a proven track record of achieving excellent results is required It is essential that the candidate has an extensive network in travel or retail and experience of software as a service solutions selling. Demonstrate strong sales planning skills both at a sector level and at individual corporate prospect level. It is essential that the applicant can display a history of successful direct sales into large corporate clients in either the Retail or Travel sector. Experience in a long, consultative sales cycle is required with a strong attention to detail. The ideal candidate will preferably have a third level or professional qualification. It helps if you also are/have: Experience in payments is desirable. Does this sound like you? If you think you are the person for the role apply now to progress your career in the payments industry We are offering an excellent basic salary, all expenses, with an opportunity to command a significant OTE further details on application." "['realex', 'payments', 'payments', 'provider', 'processing', 'bn', 'online', 'payments', 'annum', 'operating', 'closely', 'institutions', 'suite', 'payment', 'processing', 'fraud', 'risk', 'tools', 'build', 'future', 'payments', 'growing', 'real', 'potential', 'professional', 'personal', 'growth', 'develop', 'expertise', 'excel', 'grow', 'hiring', 'realex', 'payments', 'continue', 'rapid', 'growth', 'organisation', 'significant', 'success', 'operations', 'firmly', 'committed', 'growing', 'capacity', 'expanding', 'hammersmith', 'london', 'focus', 'selling', 'sme', 'corporate', 'professional', 'corporate', 'primary', 'focus', 'requiring', 'highly', 'motivated', 'individuals', 'extensive', 'proven', 'networks', 'continue', 'deliver', 'agreed', 'targets', 'generate', 'leads', 'senior', 'level', 'existing', 'network', 'direct', 'channels', 'develop', 'pipeline', 'follow', 'cycle', 'live', 'understand', 'prospects', 'current', 'process', 'realex', 'solution', 'period', 'approx', 'months', 'time', 'spend', 'time', 'head', 'office', 'dublin', 'office', 'partial', 'period', 'time', 'depending', 'level', 'requires', 'individual', 'highly', 'motivated', 'driven', 'achieving', 'exceeding', 'targets', 'individual', 'maintain', 'consistently', 'level', 'industry', 'times', 'present', 'highest', 'level', 'document', 'process', 'leads', 'qualities', 'bring', 'minimum', 'years', 'senior', 'software', 'card', 'payments', 'travel', 'retail', 'sector', 'background', 'generating', 'level', 'corporate', 'solution', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'achieving', 'results', 'essential', 'extensive', 'network', 'travel', 'retail', 'software', 'solutions', 'selling', 'demonstrate', 'planning', 'sector', 'level', 'individual', 'corporate', 'prospect', 'level', 'essential', 'applicant', 'display', 'history', 'direct', 'large', 'corporate', 'retail', 'travel', 'sector', 'long', 'consultative', 'cycle', 'attention', 'detail', 'ideal', 'preferably', 'level', 'professional', 'qualification', 'helps', 'payments', 'desirable', 'sound', 'person', 'progress', 'career', 'payments', 'industry', 'offering', 'basic', 'expenses', 'command', 'significant', 'ote', 'details', 'application']" Sales
"Title: Speech Language Therapist Term time
Webindex: 46635135
Description: Speech & Language Therapist (Term Time only) London ****  ****  London Weighting (prorata) Compass Associates Ltd have 2 exciting job vacancies available for experienced and passionate Speech and Language Therapists, to work in a leading Children's facility. Catering to Children and Adolescents with learning disabilities, autism and communication restrictions, this is a fantastic opportunity to develop your career within a well known and renowned School setting. Criteria  Must have **** months  experience working with Children with Learning Disabilities and communication difficulties  Must be available to work within term time  HPC registered  RCSLT registered" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00598.txt " Speech Language Therapist Term time" " 46635135"  " Speech & Language Therapist (Term Time only) London ****  ****  London Weighting (prorata) Compass Associates Ltd have 2 exciting job vacancies available for experienced and passionate Speech and Language Therapists, to work in a leading Children's facility. Catering to Children and Adolescents with learning disabilities, autism and communication restrictions, this is a fantastic opportunity to develop your career within a well known and renowned School setting. Criteria  Must have **** months  experience working with Children with Learning Disabilities and communication difficulties  Must be available to work within term time  HPC registered  RCSLT registered" "['speech', 'language', 'therapist', 'term', 'time', 'london', 'london', 'weighting', 'prorata', 'compass', 'associates', 'exciting', 'vacancies', 'experienced', 'passionate', 'speech', 'language', 'therapists', ""children's"", 'facility', 'catering', 'children', 'adolescents', 'learning', 'disabilities', 'autism', 'communication', 'restrictions', 'fantastic', 'develop', 'career', 'renowned', 'school', 'setting', 'criteria', 'months', 'children', 'learning', 'disabilities', 'communication', 'difficulties', 'term', 'time', 'hpc', 'registered', 'registered']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Sales Consultant
Webindex: 68708197
Company: Adecco Group
Description: An exciting opportunity has arisen for a talented Sales Consultant to join a highly successful, world leading organisation based in South West London. The essential requirements for this role include: B2B sales experience Driven and determined to succeed within a highly competitive environment Strong and professional telephone manner A highly motivated self starter Extremely sales driven Excellent team working skills The Sales Consultant role will include: Generate sales revenue meeting agreed targets and objectives Working along side a highly experienced Sales Manager to ensure all KPI's and personal targets are achieved Building and retaining strong client relationships Interact with senior business decision makers You will have the opportunity to increase you salary with the comprehensive benefits being offered which include, commission and company pension. If you feel you have the qualities and experience, please apply now Please note that due to the high volume of applications only successful applications will be contacted. Adecco is an equal opportunities employment agency. Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesConsultant_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00689.txt " Sales Consultant" " 68708197" " Adecco Group" " An exciting opportunity has arisen for a talented Sales Consultant to join a highly successful, world leading organisation based in South West London. The essential requirements for this role include: B2B sales experience Driven and determined to succeed within a highly competitive environment Strong and professional telephone manner A highly motivated self starter Extremely sales driven Excellent team working skills The Sales Consultant role will include: Generate sales revenue meeting agreed targets and objectives Working along side a highly experienced Sales Manager to ensure all KPI's and personal targets are achieved Building and retaining strong client relationships Interact with senior business decision makers You will have the opportunity to increase you salary with the comprehensive benefits being offered which include, commission and company pension. If you feel you have the qualities and experience, please apply now Please note that due to the high volume of applications only successful applications will be contacted. Adecco is an equal opportunities employment agency. Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesConsultant_job****" "['exciting', 'arisen', 'talented', 'consultant', 'highly', 'world', 'organisation', 'south', 'west', 'london', 'essential', 'requirements', 'include', 'driven', 'determined', 'succeed', 'highly', 'competitive', 'environment', 'professional', 'telephone', 'manner', 'highly', 'motivated', 'starter', 'extremely', 'driven', 'consultant', 'include', 'generate', 'revenue', 'meeting', 'agreed', 'targets', 'objectives', 'side', 'highly', 'experienced', ""kpi's"", 'personal', 'targets', 'achieved', 'building', 'retaining', 'relationships', 'interact', 'senior', 'decision', 'makers', 'increase', 'comprehensive', 'benefits', 'offered', 'include', 'commission', 'pension', 'feel', 'qualities', 'note', 'due', 'volume', 'applications', 'applications', 'contacted', 'adecco', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employment', 'agency', 'adecco', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'vacancy', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Value Risk Manager
Webindex: 72479164
Company: McGinley Support Services Limited
Description: We currently have a vacancy for a Value Risk Manager to work for an Infrastructure company based in Central Milton Keynes The role will last for 6 months (may get extended) Job Purpose To provide risk value management services to project and programme teams at territory level / HQ Major Projects and to mentor junior risk analysts and value management facilitators Key Accountabilities Provide leadership and guidance in the concept of risk management, value management and lessons learnt, maintaining their application to all stages of the project lifecycle. Monitor all projects so that they comply with the risk and value management procedures. Facilitate risk, value management and lessons learned workshops as required. Monitor the output of others who undertake such workshops to monitor competence, consistency and compliance with Rail procedures. Manage the buying in of external risk and value management support where necessary delivered to required quality standards. Own and manage a highlevel risk register (cost and schedule) for the Asset investment portfolio. Own and manage a register and forward programme of risk and value management studies planned based on the Investment portfolio. Promote the joint evaluation of risks with contractors to establish a basis for risk sharing and incentives. Job Skills, Experience and Qualifications Expert in all aspects of project and business risk management facilitation Able to build complicated cost, schedule and business risk models in a number of applications Able to explain the results of risk assessments to non specialists Can suggest appropriate risk assessments to non specialists Can suggest appropriate risk management actions for identified risks Knowledge of risk management techniques. Knowledge of project management and project control processes. Membership of the Institute of Risk Management or Association for Project Management Risk Practitioner. Experience in Rails project management processes and procedures. Six Sigma Yellow Belt. Please apply for this great opportunity" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00247.txt " Value Risk Manager" " 72479164" " McGinley Support Services Limited" " We currently have a vacancy for a Value Risk Manager to work for an Infrastructure company based in Central Milton Keynes The role will last for 6 months (may get extended) Job Purpose To provide risk value management services to project and programme teams at territory level / HQ Major Projects and to mentor junior risk analysts and value management facilitators Key Accountabilities Provide leadership and guidance in the concept of risk management, value management and lessons learnt, maintaining their application to all stages of the project lifecycle. Monitor all projects so that they comply with the risk and value management procedures. Facilitate risk, value management and lessons learned workshops as required. Monitor the output of others who undertake such workshops to monitor competence, consistency and compliance with Rail procedures. Manage the buying in of external risk and value management support where necessary delivered to required quality standards. Own and manage a highlevel risk register (cost and schedule) for the Asset investment portfolio. Own and manage a register and forward programme of risk and value management studies planned based on the Investment portfolio. Promote the joint evaluation of risks with contractors to establish a basis for risk sharing and incentives. Job Skills, Experience and Qualifications Expert in all aspects of project and business risk management facilitation Able to build complicated cost, schedule and business risk models in a number of applications Able to explain the results of risk assessments to non specialists Can suggest appropriate risk assessments to non specialists Can suggest appropriate risk management actions for identified risks Knowledge of risk management techniques. Knowledge of project management and project control processes. Membership of the Institute of Risk Management or Association for Project Management Risk Practitioner. Experience in Rails project management processes and procedures. Six Sigma Yellow Belt. Please apply for this great opportunity" "['vacancy', 'risk', 'infrastructure', 'central', 'milton', 'keynes', 'months', 'extended', 'purpose', 'risk', 'project', 'programme', 'teams', 'territory', 'level', 'hq', 'major', 'projects', 'mentor', 'junior', 'risk', 'analysts', 'key', 'accountabilities', 'leadership', 'guidance', 'concept', 'risk', 'lessons', 'maintaining', 'application', 'stages', 'project', 'lifecycle', 'monitor', 'projects', 'comply', 'risk', 'procedures', 'facilitate', 'risk', 'lessons', 'workshops', 'monitor', 'output', 'undertake', 'workshops', 'monitor', 'competence', 'consistency', 'compliance', 'rail', 'procedures', 'manage', 'buying', 'external', 'risk', 'delivered', 'quality', 'standards', 'manage', 'highlevel', 'risk', 'register', 'cost', 'schedule', 'asset', 'investment', 'portfolio', 'manage', 'register', 'forward', 'programme', 'risk', 'studies', 'planned', 'investment', 'portfolio', 'promote', 'joint', 'evaluation', 'risks', 'contractors', 'establish', 'basis', 'risk', 'sharing', 'incentives', 'qualifications', 'expert', 'aspects', 'project', 'risk', 'build', 'cost', 'schedule', 'risk', 'models', 'number', 'applications', 'explain', 'results', 'risk', 'assessments', 'specialists', 'suggest', 'risk', 'assessments', 'specialists', 'suggest', 'risk', 'actions', 'identified', 'risks', 'risk', 'techniques', 'project', 'project', 'control', 'processes', 'membership', 'institute', 'risk', 'association', 'project', 'risk', 'practitioner', 'project', 'processes', 'procedures', 'sigma', 'belt', 'great']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Operations Engineer  Aberdeen  Global Service Company
Webindex: 67753890
Company: Progressive Recruitment
Description: Progressive Global Energy are looking for an Operations Engineer to join a global Oil and Gas service company in Aberdeen on a permanent basis. The role will involve the planning and managing of subsea and/or surface installations, work over and interventions, either in whole or in part. As a result, previous experience with subsea or surface equipment is essential. As a result, the responsibilities will include but are not limited to:  Managing the rig schedule  Operational procedures  Coordinating in conjunction with the Field Service Supervision  Identifying the equipment, tooling and personnel This role allows you to work with a company who are a global leader in their field of expertise, as well as technical experts in the existing personnel. If you are interested in this position and would like some further information, please forward your latest CV to Laura Ballance of Progressive Global Energy, and call into the office to speak with me. I look forward to hearing from you.Progressive Global Energy & Natural Resources is proud to be a member of EIC" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00055.txt " Operations Engineer  Aberdeen  Global Service Company" " 67753890" " Progressive Recruitment" " Progressive Global Energy are looking for an Operations Engineer to join a global Oil and Gas service company in Aberdeen on a permanent basis. The role will involve the planning and managing of subsea and/or surface installations, work over and interventions, either in whole or in part. As a result, previous experience with subsea or surface equipment is essential. As a result, the responsibilities will include but are not limited to:  Managing the rig schedule  Operational procedures  Coordinating in conjunction with the Field Service Supervision  Identifying the equipment, tooling and personnel This role allows you to work with a company who are a global leader in their field of expertise, as well as technical experts in the existing personnel. If you are interested in this position and would like some further information, please forward your latest CV to Laura Ballance of Progressive Global Energy, and call into the office to speak with me. I look forward to hearing from you.Progressive Global Energy & Natural Resources is proud to be a member of EIC" "['progressive', 'global', 'energy', 'operations', 'global', 'oil', 'gas', 'aberdeen', 'permanent', 'basis', 'involve', 'planning', 'managing', 'subsea', 'surface', 'installations', 'interventions', 'part', 'result', 'previous', 'subsea', 'surface', 'equipment', 'essential', 'result', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'limited', 'managing', 'schedule', 'operational', 'procedures', 'coordinating', 'conjunction', 'field', 'supervision', 'identifying', 'equipment', 'tooling', 'personnel', 'global', 'leader', 'field', 'expertise', 'technical', 'experts', 'existing', 'personnel', 'interested', 'information', 'forward', 'latest', 'cv', 'laura', 'progressive', 'global', 'energy', 'call', 'office', 'speak', 'forward', 'hearing', 'progressive', 'global', 'energy', 'natural', 'resources', 'proud', 'member']" Engineering
"Title: Regional Sales Manager
Webindex: 71596865
Description: Since its establishment in **** The Federation of Small Businesses has developed an enviable reputation as a highly effective pressure group, campaigning on a wide range of issues on behalf of its c**** members. The most quoted business representative organisation in Westminster and with extensive press coverage, it continues to play a vitally important role in representing the interests of and championing the UK s small business sector. It is now looking to recruit a highcalibre Sales Manager as it looks to increase its market penetration. The Challenge To provide leadership and direction to around **** commission only, selfemployed Sales Agents who are responsible for recruiting new members of the FSB. To ensure that all sales agents are motivated to achieve and exceed agreed standards of performance, thereby maximising revenue. To set clear and measurable objectives and to hold each sales agent accountable for his/her sales performance. Through full territory coverage and the introduction of robust sales management processes, to drive your sales agents to excellent sales performance across the region. To identify critical success factors and to ensure that best practice is promoted across your territory. To undertake regular performance reviews and to spend time in the territory with each sales agent ensuring that training and development plans are in place which enable all recruiters to effectively promote the excellent benefits of FSB membership. The Candidate: Should currently be operating in a B2B sales management position in which you are responsible for leading and directing a commission only sales team. Must be able to demonstrate how you have achieved improved sales performance from your team through your motivational leadership style. Must have the strength of personality to make tough decisions, to hold people accountable and to address any underperformance issues which may arise. Whilst experience in a membership organisation/representative body would be advantageous, candidates from other sectors, particularly those promoting services to small businesses, will also be considered. To apply for this position please submit your CV, to our retained Consultant, Roger Ruane at FR Europe, Church House, **** Church Walk, Newark, Notts. NG**** ****JS quoting ref no. EM6312." 3 data/Sales\Job_00704.txt " Regional Sales Manager" " 71596865"  " Since its establishment in **** The Federation of Small Businesses has developed an enviable reputation as a highly effective pressure group, campaigning on a wide range of issues on behalf of its c**** members. The most quoted business representative organisation in Westminster and with extensive press coverage, it continues to play a vitally important role in representing the interests of and championing the UK s small business sector. It is now looking to recruit a highcalibre Sales Manager as it looks to increase its market penetration. The Challenge To provide leadership and direction to around **** commission only, selfemployed Sales Agents who are responsible for recruiting new members of the FSB. To ensure that all sales agents are motivated to achieve and exceed agreed standards of performance, thereby maximising revenue. To set clear and measurable objectives and to hold each sales agent accountable for his/her sales performance. Through full territory coverage and the introduction of robust sales management processes, to drive your sales agents to excellent sales performance across the region. To identify critical success factors and to ensure that best practice is promoted across your territory. To undertake regular performance reviews and to spend time in the territory with each sales agent ensuring that training and development plans are in place which enable all recruiters to effectively promote the excellent benefits of FSB membership. The Candidate: Should currently be operating in a B2B sales management position in which you are responsible for leading and directing a commission only sales team. Must be able to demonstrate how you have achieved improved sales performance from your team through your motivational leadership style. Must have the strength of personality to make tough decisions, to hold people accountable and to address any underperformance issues which may arise. Whilst experience in a membership organisation/representative body would be advantageous, candidates from other sectors, particularly those promoting services to small businesses, will also be considered. To apply for this position please submit your CV, to our retained Consultant, Roger Ruane at FR Europe, Church House, **** Church Walk, Newark, Notts. NG**** ****JS quoting ref no. EM6312." "['establishment', 'small', 'businesses', 'developed', 'enviable', 'reputation', 'highly', 'effective', 'pressure', 'group', 'wide', 'range', 'issues', 'behalf', 'members', 'representative', 'organisation', 'westminster', 'extensive', 'press', 'coverage', 'continues', 'play', 'vitally', 'important', 'representing', 'interests', 'small', 'sector', 'recruit', 'increase', 'market', 'penetration', 'challenge', 'leadership', 'direction', 'commission', 'selfemployed', 'agents', 'responsible', 'recruiting', 'members', 'fsb', 'agents', 'motivated', 'achieve', 'exceed', 'agreed', 'standards', 'performance', 'maximising', 'revenue', 'set', 'clear', 'measurable', 'objectives', 'hold', 'agent', 'accountable', 'performance', 'territory', 'coverage', 'introduction', 'robust', 'processes', 'drive', 'agents', 'performance', 'region', 'identify', 'critical', 'success', 'factors', 'practice', 'promoted', 'territory', 'undertake', 'regular', 'performance', 'reviews', 'spend', 'time', 'territory', 'agent', 'ensuring', 'plans', 'place', 'enable', 'recruiters', 'effectively', 'promote', 'benefits', 'fsb', 'membership', 'operating', 'responsible', 'directing', 'commission', 'demonstrate', 'achieved', 'improved', 'performance', 'motivational', 'leadership', 'style', 'strength', 'personality', 'make', 'tough', 'decisions', 'hold', 'people', 'accountable', 'address', 'issues', 'arise', 'whilst', 'membership', 'organisation', 'representative', 'body', 'advantageous', 'candidates', 'sectors', 'promoting', 'small', 'businesses', 'considered', 'submit', 'cv', 'retained', 'consultant', 'europe', 'church', 'house', 'church', 'walk', 'newark', 'ng', 'js', 'quoting', 'ref']" Sales
"Title: Accounts Assistant
Webindex: 72451165
Company: Cherry Professional Limited
Description: Our Hucknall based client are currently looking for an accounts assistant to join their team as soon as possible. Responsibilities include: Invoice/Credit Processing. Purchase ledger reviews. Purchase ledger payments and posting to the ledger. Statement reconciliations. Resolving queries. Sales ledger. General accounts duties. Petty cash reconciliation. Bank reconciliations. Payroll. Key skills: Proven accounts experience. Team player. Strong excel skills. Excellent communication skills. Small company experience desirable but not essential. This is a really good opportunity for someone looking to grow within an organisation. They are happy to take someone on that is studying their AAT but has solid experience in the job role listed above. This vacancy is being advertised by Cherry Professional who are acting as an employment agency on behalf of our client. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountsAssistant_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00238.txt " Accounts Assistant" " 72451165" " Cherry Professional Limited" " Our Hucknall based client are currently looking for an accounts assistant to join their team as soon as possible. Responsibilities include: Invoice/Credit Processing. Purchase ledger reviews. Purchase ledger payments and posting to the ledger. Statement reconciliations. Resolving queries. Sales ledger. General accounts duties. Petty cash reconciliation. Bank reconciliations. Payroll. Key skills: Proven accounts experience. Team player. Strong excel skills. Excellent communication skills. Small company experience desirable but not essential. This is a really good opportunity for someone looking to grow within an organisation. They are happy to take someone on that is studying their AAT but has solid experience in the job role listed above. This vacancy is being advertised by Cherry Professional who are acting as an employment agency on behalf of our client. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountsAssistant_job****" "['accounts', 'assistant', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'invoice', 'credit', 'processing', 'purchase', 'ledger', 'reviews', 'purchase', 'ledger', 'payments', 'posting', 'ledger', 'statement', 'reconciliations', 'resolving', 'queries', 'ledger', 'general', 'accounts', 'duties', 'petty', 'cash', 'reconciliation', 'bank', 'reconciliations', 'payroll', 'key', 'proven', 'accounts', 'player', 'excel', 'communication', 'small', 'desirable', 'essential', 'grow', 'organisation', 'happy', 'studying', 'aat', 'solid', 'listed', 'vacancy', 'advertised', 'professional', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'behalf', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Allied Health Care Professional : Optometrists Jobs in Southampton
Webindex: 69973851
Description: Flame Health Optometry  Optometrist Job in Southampton Flame Health Optometry are working on behalf of this very successful, large independent chain has an exciting opportunity for an Optometrist to work at one of their practices in the Hampshire area. The company has an ethos for providing a quality service to their patients and is looking for somebody of a like mind. The company continues to focus on providing value through personal service, via highly professional, qualified staff and by offering the latest in frame and lens technology from the world's leading manufacturers. In doing so, they plan to strengthen its brand and exposure within the optical market place. They retain a closeknit family framework throughout the organisation. The shared goal is of achieving 100% customer satisfaction via an individual approach to its customers and through the provision of quality eyecare by fully qualified GOC registered optometrists and dispensing opticians. Their commitment to achieving total customer satisfaction is reflected in the design and investment in the shopping environment. The practices are carefully designed to achieve a modern and comfortable feel with an extensive selection of designer and nondesigner frames and sunglasses, with state of the art consulting room equipment and full air conditioning throughout. The role itself will demand high standards of clinical excellence and flexibility. If you enjoy working as a team and enjoy a challenge then this really will suit you. The role will involve mainly sight testing and contact lens fitting as fully qualified Dispensing Opticians are in place for the handover. A fantastic salary package is in place, plus 5 weeks holiday, Professional Indemnity Insurance and a contributory pension scheme. To apply for this position you will need to be registered with the GOC To apply for this Job or enquire about additional Optometrist Job Opportunities in Southampton or the Hampshire Region  Contact Flame Health on **** **** ****  optometryflamehealth.com Flame Health Associates LLP operates as an Employment Agency & Employment Business" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00525.txt " Allied Health Care Professional : Optometrists Jobs in Southampton" " 69973851"  " Flame Health Optometry  Optometrist Job in Southampton Flame Health Optometry are working on behalf of this very successful, large independent chain has an exciting opportunity for an Optometrist to work at one of their practices in the Hampshire area. The company has an ethos for providing a quality service to their patients and is looking for somebody of a like mind. The company continues to focus on providing value through personal service, via highly professional, qualified staff and by offering the latest in frame and lens technology from the world's leading manufacturers. In doing so, they plan to strengthen its brand and exposure within the optical market place. They retain a closeknit family framework throughout the organisation. The shared goal is of achieving 100% customer satisfaction via an individual approach to its customers and through the provision of quality eyecare by fully qualified GOC registered optometrists and dispensing opticians. Their commitment to achieving total customer satisfaction is reflected in the design and investment in the shopping environment. The practices are carefully designed to achieve a modern and comfortable feel with an extensive selection of designer and nondesigner frames and sunglasses, with state of the art consulting room equipment and full air conditioning throughout. The role itself will demand high standards of clinical excellence and flexibility. If you enjoy working as a team and enjoy a challenge then this really will suit you. The role will involve mainly sight testing and contact lens fitting as fully qualified Dispensing Opticians are in place for the handover. A fantastic salary package is in place, plus 5 weeks holiday, Professional Indemnity Insurance and a contributory pension scheme. To apply for this position you will need to be registered with the GOC To apply for this Job or enquire about additional Optometrist Job Opportunities in Southampton or the Hampshire Region  Contact Flame Health on **** **** ****  optometryflamehealth.com Flame Health Associates LLP operates as an Employment Agency & Employment Business" "['flame', 'health', 'optometry', 'optometrist', 'southampton', 'flame', 'health', 'optometry', 'behalf', 'large', 'independent', 'chain', 'exciting', 'optometrist', 'practices', 'hampshire', 'area', 'ethos', 'providing', 'quality', 'patients', 'mind', 'continues', 'focus', 'providing', 'personal', 'highly', 'professional', 'qualified', 'offering', 'latest', 'frame', 'lens', 'technology', ""world's"", 'manufacturers', 'plan', 'strengthen', 'brand', 'exposure', 'optical', 'market', 'place', 'retain', 'family', 'framework', 'organisation', 'shared', 'goal', 'achieving', 'satisfaction', 'individual', 'approach', 'customers', 'provision', 'quality', 'fully', 'qualified', 'goc', 'registered', 'optometrists', 'dispensing', 'opticians', 'commitment', 'achieving', 'total', 'satisfaction', 'investment', 'shopping', 'environment', 'practices', 'carefully', 'designed', 'achieve', 'modern', 'comfortable', 'feel', 'extensive', 'selection', 'designer', 'nondesigner', 'frames', 'sunglasses', 'state', 'art', 'consulting', 'room', 'equipment', 'air', 'conditioning', 'demand', 'standards', 'clinical', 'excellence', 'flexibility', 'enjoy', 'enjoy', 'challenge', 'suit', 'involve', 'sight', 'testing', 'contact', 'lens', 'fitting', 'fully', 'qualified', 'dispensing', 'opticians', 'place', 'handover', 'fantastic', 'package', 'place', 'weeks', 'holiday', 'professional', 'insurance', 'contributory', 'pension', 'scheme', 'registered', 'goc', 'enquire', 'additional', 'optometrist', 'opportunities', 'southampton', 'hampshire', 'region', 'contact', 'flame', 'health', 'optometryflamehealth', 'flame', 'health', 'associates', 'llp', 'operates', 'employment', 'agency', 'employment']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Simulation Engineer
Webindex: 70253617
Company: Neon Contracts
Description: Job Purpose: Design, configuration and testing of virtual test environments as part of large automated system within cost and time scale constraints for diverse industries, especially automotive. Ensure the solution meets the requirements of customers, project and business. Main Duties: Simulation Engineering Assistance with design commissioning activities prior to the project handover phase. Compliance with company, customer industry standards. Build and configure simulation models using different simulation and software technologies. Support commissioning activities by providing up to date virtual test systems of automated equipment. Design and develop cost effective bespoke simulation software applications and tools. Provide support for software standards and development of tools for validation and testing of controls software. Maintenance of progress / status documentation in accordance with company customer administrative systems. Use of knowledge and experience to train and develop other members of the team. General **** Liaise with Project Sales and Project Engineers during design phase. **** Liaise with Project Managers, Customer and subcontractors during order installation / commissioning phases. **** Liaise with purchase departments. **** To maintain and use wherever possible, standard product information for the execution of orders. **** Where necessary to develop special and new standard solutions to suit specific projects and new markets. **** To innovate wherever possible to improve our delivered product to the end customer (e.g. reduced price, reduced timescale, improved functionality). **** To provide technical backup to the service team as required, including bug fixes, enhancements and modifications. **** To maintain and improve upon personal skills related to the position, through experience and training. **** To comply with the company policy as defined in the Staff Handbook, Safety Manual, and Quality Assurance Manual. General **** Liaise with Project Sales and Project Engineers during design phase. **** Liaise with Project Managers, Customer and subcontractors during order installation / commissioning phases. **** Liaise with purchase departments. **** To maintain and use wherever possible, standard product information for the execution of orders. **** Where necessary to develop special and new standard solutions to suit specific projects and new markets. **** To innovate wherever possible to improve our delivered product to the end customer (e.g. reduced price, reduced timescale, improved functionality). **** To provide technical backup to the service team as required, including bug fixes, enhancements and modifications. **** To maintain and improve upon personal skills related to the position, through experience and training. **** To comply with the company policy as defined in the Staff Handbook, Safety Manual, and Quality Assurance Manual. To maintain and use wherever possible, standard product information for the execution of orders. **** Where necessary to develop special and new standard solutions to suit specific projects and new markets. **** To innovate wherever possible to improve our delivered product to the end customer (e.g. reduced price, reduced timescale, improved functionality). **** To provide technical backup to the service team as required, including bug fixes, enhancements and modifications. **** To maintain and improve upon personal skills related to the position, through experience and training. **** To comply with the company policy as defined in the Staff Handbook, Safety Manual, and Quality Assurance Manual Qualification/Experience/Knowledge: Time served apprenticeship in Mechanical and Electrical Engineering and BTEC / City and and Guilds HNC / HND in Electrical / Mechanical Engineering or equivalent Experience in industrial automation. Experience in industrial robotics. Experience in developing desktop or web applications. Experience with Automotive manufacturing. Strong mathematical analytical skills Visual C / Visual Basic /.NET MS SQL / XML / HTML Allen Bradley / Rockwell Software Siemens S**** /STEP **** ABB RAPID / Kuka KRL / Fanuc KAREL / Kawasaki AS InterBus CMD / ProFiBus DP Configurator Communications / Networking AutoCad Microsoft Office. EPLAN comprehension This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SimulationEngineer_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00155.txt " Simulation Engineer" " 70253617" " Neon Contracts" " Job Purpose: Design, configuration and testing of virtual test environments as part of large automated system within cost and time scale constraints for diverse industries, especially automotive. Ensure the solution meets the requirements of customers, project and business. Main Duties: Simulation Engineering Assistance with design commissioning activities prior to the project handover phase. Compliance with company, customer industry standards. Build and configure simulation models using different simulation and software technologies. Support commissioning activities by providing up to date virtual test systems of automated equipment. Design and develop cost effective bespoke simulation software applications and tools. Provide support for software standards and development of tools for validation and testing of controls software. Maintenance of progress / status documentation in accordance with company customer administrative systems. Use of knowledge and experience to train and develop other members of the team. General **** Liaise with Project Sales and Project Engineers during design phase. **** Liaise with Project Managers, Customer and subcontractors during order installation / commissioning phases. **** Liaise with purchase departments. **** To maintain and use wherever possible, standard product information for the execution of orders. **** Where necessary to develop special and new standard solutions to suit specific projects and new markets. **** To innovate wherever possible to improve our delivered product to the end customer (e.g. reduced price, reduced timescale, improved functionality). **** To provide technical backup to the service team as required, including bug fixes, enhancements and modifications. **** To maintain and improve upon personal skills related to the position, through experience and training. **** To comply with the company policy as defined in the Staff Handbook, Safety Manual, and Quality Assurance Manual. General **** Liaise with Project Sales and Project Engineers during design phase. **** Liaise with Project Managers, Customer and subcontractors during order installation / commissioning phases. **** Liaise with purchase departments. **** To maintain and use wherever possible, standard product information for the execution of orders. **** Where necessary to develop special and new standard solutions to suit specific projects and new markets. **** To innovate wherever possible to improve our delivered product to the end customer (e.g. reduced price, reduced timescale, improved functionality). **** To provide technical backup to the service team as required, including bug fixes, enhancements and modifications. **** To maintain and improve upon personal skills related to the position, through experience and training. **** To comply with the company policy as defined in the Staff Handbook, Safety Manual, and Quality Assurance Manual. To maintain and use wherever possible, standard product information for the execution of orders. **** Where necessary to develop special and new standard solutions to suit specific projects and new markets. **** To innovate wherever possible to improve our delivered product to the end customer (e.g. reduced price, reduced timescale, improved functionality). **** To provide technical backup to the service team as required, including bug fixes, enhancements and modifications. **** To maintain and improve upon personal skills related to the position, through experience and training. **** To comply with the company policy as defined in the Staff Handbook, Safety Manual, and Quality Assurance Manual Qualification/Experience/Knowledge: Time served apprenticeship in Mechanical and Electrical Engineering and BTEC / City and and Guilds HNC / HND in Electrical / Mechanical Engineering or equivalent Experience in industrial automation. Experience in industrial robotics. Experience in developing desktop or web applications. Experience with Automotive manufacturing. Strong mathematical analytical skills Visual C / Visual Basic /.NET MS SQL / XML / HTML Allen Bradley / Rockwell Software Siemens S**** /STEP **** ABB RAPID / Kuka KRL / Fanuc KAREL / Kawasaki AS InterBus CMD / ProFiBus DP Configurator Communications / Networking AutoCad Microsoft Office. EPLAN comprehension This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SimulationEngineer_job****" "['purpose', 'configuration', 'testing', 'virtual', 'test', 'environments', 'part', 'large', 'automated', 'system', 'cost', 'time', 'scale', 'constraints', 'diverse', 'industries', 'automotive', 'solution', 'meets', 'requirements', 'customers', 'project', 'main', 'duties', 'simulation', 'assistance', 'commissioning', 'activities', 'prior', 'project', 'handover', 'phase', 'compliance', 'industry', 'standards', 'build', 'simulation', 'models', 'simulation', 'software', 'technologies', 'commissioning', 'activities', 'providing', 'date', 'virtual', 'test', 'automated', 'equipment', 'develop', 'cost', 'effective', 'bespoke', 'simulation', 'software', 'applications', 'tools', 'software', 'standards', 'tools', 'validation', 'testing', 'controls', 'software', 'maintenance', 'progress', 'status', 'documentation', 'accordance', 'administrative', 'train', 'develop', 'members', 'general', 'liaise', 'project', 'project', 'engineers', 'phase', 'liaise', 'project', 'managers', 'subcontractors', 'order', 'installation', 'commissioning', 'phases', 'liaise', 'purchase', 'departments', 'maintain', 'standard', 'product', 'information', 'execution', 'orders', 'develop', 'special', 'standard', 'solutions', 'suit', 'specific', 'projects', 'markets', 'innovate', 'improve', 'delivered', 'product', 'end', 'reduced', 'price', 'reduced', 'timescale', 'improved', 'functionality', 'technical', 'backup', 'bug', 'fixes', 'enhancements', 'modifications', 'maintain', 'improve', 'personal', 'related', 'comply', 'policy', 'defined', 'handbook', 'safety', 'manual', 'quality', 'assurance', 'manual', 'general', 'liaise', 'project', 'project', 'engineers', 'phase', 'liaise', 'project', 'managers', 'subcontractors', 'order', 'installation', 'commissioning', 'phases', 'liaise', 'purchase', 'departments', 'maintain', 'standard', 'product', 'information', 'execution', 'orders', 'develop', 'special', 'standard', 'solutions', 'suit', 'specific', 'projects', 'markets', 'innovate', 'improve', 'delivered', 'product', 'end', 'reduced', 'price', 'reduced', 'timescale', 'improved', 'functionality', 'technical', 'backup', 'bug', 'fixes', 'enhancements', 'modifications', 'maintain', 'improve', 'personal', 'related', 'comply', 'policy', 'defined', 'handbook', 'safety', 'manual', 'quality', 'assurance', 'manual', 'maintain', 'standard', 'product', 'information', 'execution', 'orders', 'develop', 'special', 'standard', 'solutions', 'suit', 'specific', 'projects', 'markets', 'innovate', 'improve', 'delivered', 'product', 'end', 'reduced', 'price', 'reduced', 'timescale', 'improved', 'functionality', 'technical', 'backup', 'bug', 'fixes', 'enhancements', 'modifications', 'maintain', 'improve', 'personal', 'related', 'comply', 'policy', 'defined', 'handbook', 'safety', 'manual', 'quality', 'assurance', 'manual', 'qualification', 'time', 'served', 'apprenticeship', 'mechanical', 'electrical', 'city', 'guilds', 'hnc', 'hnd', 'electrical', 'mechanical', 'equivalent', 'industrial', 'automation', 'industrial', 'robotics', 'developing', 'desktop', 'web', 'applications', 'automotive', 'manufacturing', 'mathematical', 'analytical', 'visual', 'visual', 'basic', 'net', 'ms', 'sql', 'xml', 'html', 'rockwell', 'software', 'siemens', 'step', 'abb', 'rapid', 'fanuc', 'profibus', 'communications', 'networking', 'autocad', 'microsoft', 'office', 'comprehension', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Senior C/ASP/net Software Developer Amigo Loans
Webindex: 68678435
Company: The Richmond Group
Description: Package: Up to **** PA (DOE)  Bonuses  Benefits Package Amigo Loans, part of the Richmond Group is one of the UK’s most successful and innovative lending businesses. Over an ****year period, the Richmond Group has delivered staggering financial performance, customer focused products and an awardwinning employee experience. Amigo, our newest brand, is a loan company with a simple idea – if your friends trust you, so will we. We’re looking for talented developers to complement our **** strong software development team. We are building a team that can deliver ground breaking solutions the we can be proud of. To be successful you’ll be technical skilled, enthusiastic and always want to challenge what the industry accepts as the best standard . No two days at RG will be the same, a developer’s daytoday role varies depending on the needs of the business. Our various teams work in Agile/Scrum environment where projects vary from frontend web development to backend database solutions. You’ll have to be adaptable, flexible and ready to approach new challenges with vigour, armed with original and innovative new ideas. Experience of MVC and Entity Framework is preferred. What we’ll ask you to do: architecting and developing complete software solutions in ASP. Net, C and SQL; requirements analysis and specification; planning and performing Unit testing System testing; problem solving (on 2nd and 3rd line support); working closely with business partners and endusers. What we offer in return: Performance profit bonuses  Health insurance  Training Budget  Stakeholder Pension  Birthdays off  Subsidised gym membership  An extra day’s holiday each year  Fantastic subsidised cafeteria and vending machines  Annual Bestival trip and Kilimanjaro charity climb  Free iPhone This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorC%****ASPnetSoftwareDeveloperAmigoLoans_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00336.txt " Senior C/ASP/net Software Developer Amigo Loans" " 68678435" " The Richmond Group" " Package: Up to **** PA (DOE)  Bonuses  Benefits Package Amigo Loans, part of the Richmond Group is one of the UK’s most successful and innovative lending businesses. Over an ****year period, the Richmond Group has delivered staggering financial performance, customer focused products and an awardwinning employee experience. Amigo, our newest brand, is a loan company with a simple idea – if your friends trust you, so will we. We’re looking for talented developers to complement our **** strong software development team. We are building a team that can deliver ground breaking solutions the we can be proud of. To be successful you’ll be technical skilled, enthusiastic and always want to challenge what the industry accepts as the best standard . No two days at RG will be the same, a developer’s daytoday role varies depending on the needs of the business. Our various teams work in Agile/Scrum environment where projects vary from frontend web development to backend database solutions. You’ll have to be adaptable, flexible and ready to approach new challenges with vigour, armed with original and innovative new ideas. Experience of MVC and Entity Framework is preferred. What we’ll ask you to do: architecting and developing complete software solutions in ASP. Net, C and SQL; requirements analysis and specification; planning and performing Unit testing System testing; problem solving (on 2nd and 3rd line support); working closely with business partners and endusers. What we offer in return: Performance profit bonuses  Health insurance  Training Budget  Stakeholder Pension  Birthdays off  Subsidised gym membership  An extra day’s holiday each year  Fantastic subsidised cafeteria and vending machines  Annual Bestival trip and Kilimanjaro charity climb  Free iPhone This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorC%****ASPnetSoftwareDeveloperAmigoLoans_job****" "['package', 'pa', 'doe', 'bonuses', 'benefits', 'package', 'amigo', 'loans', 'part', 'richmond', 'group', 'innovative', 'lending', 'businesses', 'year', 'period', 'richmond', 'group', 'delivered', 'performance', 'focused', 'products', 'awardwinning', 'employee', 'amigo', 'brand', 'loan', 'simple', 'idea', 'friends', 'trust', 'talented', 'developers', 'complement', 'software', 'building', 'deliver', 'ground', 'breaking', 'solutions', 'proud', 'll', 'technical', 'skilled', 'enthusiastic', 'challenge', 'industry', 'standard', 'days', 'developer', 'daytoday', 'depending', 'teams', 'agile', 'scrum', 'environment', 'projects', 'vary', 'web', 'backend', 'database', 'solutions', 'll', 'flexible', 'ready', 'approach', 'challenges', 'armed', 'original', 'innovative', 'ideas', 'mvc', 'entity', 'framework', 'preferred', 'll', 'developing', 'complete', 'software', 'solutions', 'asp', 'net', 'sql', 'requirements', 'analysis', 'specification', 'planning', 'performing', 'unit', 'testing', 'system', 'testing', 'problem', 'solving', 'line', 'closely', 'partners', 'endusers', 'offer', 'return', 'performance', 'profit', 'bonuses', 'health', 'insurance', 'budget', 'stakeholder', 'pension', 'birthdays', 'subsidised', 'gym', 'membership', 'extra', 'day', 'holiday', 'year', 'fantastic', 'subsidised', 'vending', 'machines', 'annual', 'trip', 'charity', 'climb', 'free', 'iphone', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Home Care Worker jobs Bromley
Webindex: 67959741
Description: Experienced Carers required Westminster Homecare are a leading domiciliary care group providing care and support to those who need it most. In addition to Domiciliary Care Clients, we also care for people with acquired brain injury and physical disabilities that need ****4 hour care. Are you looking for a challenge? We are looking for experienced Home Care Worker jobs seekers ( preferably with NVQ 2 or ****) to support people in their own homes in the Bromley /Sidcup / Lewisham and surrounding areas of Kent on a shift work basis. Duties include assisting with all aspects of personal care and promoting independence. Mainting individuals privacy and dignity Preparation /cooking of meals. Feeding clients Housework/Cleaning as required Assisting with rehabilitation exercises. Not forgetting general companionship /escorting out. The role will suit health care or support workers who are flexible and looking for looking for a new challenge. Week end workers will be accepted. Home care is not what it was used to be" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00461.txt " Home Care Worker jobs Bromley" " 67959741"  " Experienced Carers required Westminster Homecare are a leading domiciliary care group providing care and support to those who need it most. In addition to Domiciliary Care Clients, we also care for people with acquired brain injury and physical disabilities that need ****4 hour care. Are you looking for a challenge? We are looking for experienced Home Care Worker jobs seekers ( preferably with NVQ 2 or ****) to support people in their own homes in the Bromley /Sidcup / Lewisham and surrounding areas of Kent on a shift work basis. Duties include assisting with all aspects of personal care and promoting independence. Mainting individuals privacy and dignity Preparation /cooking of meals. Feeding clients Housework/Cleaning as required Assisting with rehabilitation exercises. Not forgetting general companionship /escorting out. The role will suit health care or support workers who are flexible and looking for looking for a new challenge. Week end workers will be accepted. Home care is not what it was used to be" "['experienced', 'carers', 'westminster', 'homecare', 'domiciliary', 'group', 'providing', 'addition', 'domiciliary', 'people', 'acquired', 'brain', 'injury', 'physical', 'disabilities', 'hour', 'challenge', 'experienced', 'worker', 'jobs', 'seekers', 'preferably', 'nvq', 'people', 'homes', 'bromley', 'surrounding', 'areas', 'kent', 'shift', 'basis', 'duties', 'include', 'assisting', 'aspects', 'personal', 'promoting', 'independence', 'individuals', 'privacy', 'dignity', 'preparation', 'cooking', 'meals', 'feeding', 'cleaning', 'assisting', 'rehabilitation', 'exercises', 'general', 'companionship', 'escorting', 'suit', 'health', 'workers', 'flexible', 'challenge', 'week', 'end', 'workers', 'accepted']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Quality Engineer
Webindex: 71904521
Company: JAM Recruitment Ltd
Description: Currently working with one of the UK s leading Electronic Manufacturing Companies in the East Midlands, Due to continued growth they now require a Quality Engineer to join their growing plant. With new ventures into the Aerospace and Medical Device field this is a great opportunity for a career driven individual, who is looking for a challenging role. You ll be working alongside the Quality Manager to assist with the Internal Audits to ISO 9001 14001. You ll have a strong involvement with customer interaction and process improvement. As the Quality Engineer it is imperative that you have experience of leading internal Audits to ISO 9001 **** it would be of a great advantage if you have had involvement with the implementation of ISO 14001. You ll be working with Lean Manufacturing techniques and Continuous Improvement activities, so a proven track record of robust problem solving techniques such as Root Cause analysis, ****D, Process improvement would be of a great advantage. If you are seeking a new opportunity in a Leading Organisation and fit the criteria of the Quality Engineer position then apply immediately it s a great opportunity for the right candidate looking to develop their career within the Industry or to continue and develop your career within the Industry. Working for a Dynamic and Career driven organisation will no doubt open career opportunities immensely if you have the right attitude flexibility to Quality. Looking to Apply for the Quality Engineer position then email a copy of your up to date CV across or contact **** **** **** View our latest jobs today at URL removed and follow us on Facebook, Twitter LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00218.txt " Quality Engineer" " 71904521" " JAM Recruitment Ltd" " Currently working with one of the UK s leading Electronic Manufacturing Companies in the East Midlands, Due to continued growth they now require a Quality Engineer to join their growing plant. With new ventures into the Aerospace and Medical Device field this is a great opportunity for a career driven individual, who is looking for a challenging role. You ll be working alongside the Quality Manager to assist with the Internal Audits to ISO 9001 14001. You ll have a strong involvement with customer interaction and process improvement. As the Quality Engineer it is imperative that you have experience of leading internal Audits to ISO 9001 **** it would be of a great advantage if you have had involvement with the implementation of ISO 14001. You ll be working with Lean Manufacturing techniques and Continuous Improvement activities, so a proven track record of robust problem solving techniques such as Root Cause analysis, ****D, Process improvement would be of a great advantage. If you are seeking a new opportunity in a Leading Organisation and fit the criteria of the Quality Engineer position then apply immediately it s a great opportunity for the right candidate looking to develop their career within the Industry or to continue and develop your career within the Industry. Working for a Dynamic and Career driven organisation will no doubt open career opportunities immensely if you have the right attitude flexibility to Quality. Looking to Apply for the Quality Engineer position then email a copy of your up to date CV across or contact **** **** **** View our latest jobs today at URL removed and follow us on Facebook, Twitter LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position." "['electronic', 'manufacturing', 'companies', 'east', 'midlands', 'due', 'continued', 'growth', 'require', 'quality', 'growing', 'plant', 'ventures', 'aerospace', 'medical', 'device', 'field', 'great', 'career', 'driven', 'individual', 'challenging', 'll', 'alongside', 'quality', 'assist', 'internal', 'audits', 'iso', 'll', 'involvement', 'interaction', 'process', 'improvement', 'quality', 'imperative', 'internal', 'audits', 'iso', 'great', 'advantage', 'involvement', 'implementation', 'iso', 'll', 'lean', 'manufacturing', 'techniques', 'continuous', 'improvement', 'activities', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'robust', 'problem', 'solving', 'techniques', 'root', 'analysis', 'process', 'improvement', 'great', 'advantage', 'seeking', 'organisation', 'fit', 'criteria', 'quality', 'immediately', 'great', 'develop', 'career', 'industry', 'continue', 'develop', 'career', 'industry', 'dynamic', 'career', 'driven', 'organisation', 'doubt', 'open', 'career', 'opportunities', 'attitude', 'flexibility', 'quality', 'quality', 'email', 'copy', 'date', 'cv', 'contact', 'view', 'latest', 'jobs', 'today', 'url', 'removed', 'follow', 'facebook', 'twitter', 'linkedin', 'jam', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency']" Engineering
"Title: Staff Nurse RGN Newark ******** ph Neurological ABI
Webindex: 70763867
Company: SYK Recruitment
Description: SYK Recruitment Specialists are currently recruiting an experienced RGN qualified Nurse to work in a specialist care centre that offers care to younger adults **** with Neurological/ABI and other complex conditions. The care team are focused on providing the best possible quality of life for our service users, through the highest standards of clinical care and the most appropriate support to meet their specific needs. The successful nurse will be joining a strong team, working full time on days and nights on a fulltime basis. This extremely busy environment would suit a dynamic and dedicated Nurse with excellent clinical skills who thrives on a challenge. Experience of oxygen, trachea, catheter and Peg feeds is preferable although full training will be given to the right candidate. The salary offered is **** per hour which will increase to **** per hour over time. If you are RGN qualified with a minimum of 6 months experience and the drive and determination to offer the highest standard of care then I would love to hear from you. Please call Katie Butler on (Apply online only) for more information or to be considered for this role" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00455.txt " Staff Nurse RGN Newark ******** ph Neurological ABI" " 70763867" " SYK Recruitment" " SYK Recruitment Specialists are currently recruiting an experienced RGN qualified Nurse to work in a specialist care centre that offers care to younger adults **** with Neurological/ABI and other complex conditions. The care team are focused on providing the best possible quality of life for our service users, through the highest standards of clinical care and the most appropriate support to meet their specific needs. The successful nurse will be joining a strong team, working full time on days and nights on a fulltime basis. This extremely busy environment would suit a dynamic and dedicated Nurse with excellent clinical skills who thrives on a challenge. Experience of oxygen, trachea, catheter and Peg feeds is preferable although full training will be given to the right candidate. The salary offered is **** per hour which will increase to **** per hour over time. If you are RGN qualified with a minimum of 6 months experience and the drive and determination to offer the highest standard of care then I would love to hear from you. Please call Katie Butler on (Apply online only) for more information or to be considered for this role" "['syk', 'specialists', 'recruiting', 'experienced', 'rgn', 'qualified', 'nurse', 'specialist', 'centre', 'offers', 'younger', 'adults', 'neurological', 'abi', 'complex', 'conditions', 'focused', 'providing', 'quality', 'life', 'users', 'highest', 'standards', 'clinical', 'meet', 'specific', 'nurse', 'joining', 'time', 'days', 'nights', 'fulltime', 'basis', 'extremely', 'busy', 'environment', 'suit', 'dynamic', 'dedicated', 'nurse', 'clinical', 'thrives', 'challenge', 'feeds', 'preferable', 'offered', 'hour', 'increase', 'hour', 'time', 'rgn', 'qualified', 'minimum', 'months', 'drive', 'determination', 'offer', 'highest', 'standard', 'love', 'hear', 'call', 'katie', 'butler', 'online', 'information', 'considered']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Compliance Monitoring Officer
Webindex: 68683343
Company: AMBRIDGE HARRIS ASSOCIATES
Description: Compliance Monitoring Officer Permanent Bournemouth, Dorset Up to ****pa (dependant on experience) Ambridge Harris Associates are supporting their client based in Bournemouth to recruit a Compliance Monitoring Officer to join their expanding finance department. Purpose of the Role: To monitor and report on the compliance of regulatory requirements and internal policies (where appropriate) in line with the Compliance Monitoring Plan Key Responsibilities: To maintain the Compliance Monitoring Procedures and methodologies (and to adopt best practice and economies of scale where appropriate) whilst incorporating reasonable requirements agreed with the Business Partner Interpret and apply relevant regulatory guidance to the business areas and provide practical alternative solutions to the business where standards are deemed to be deficient To present monitoring findings to the relevant Business Customers at debrief stage and in draft and final reports and to the Business Partners at an appropriate and agreed at final report stage. To additionally present findings to the Compliance Business Unit Support team and / or the Compliance Monitoring Manager / Compliance Director as required To maintain appropriate records relating to monitoring activity To report on progress against plan and outstanding actions for governance or otherwise as required To provide support and guidance to the relevant Compliance Business Unit Support teams to ensure that remedial actions fulfil regulatory requirements To escalate risks and issues to the Compliance Manager and / or Compliance Director as appropriate Candidate Profile: FPC or equivalent desirable. Minimum Certificate in Financial Planning (level 1) or contractual commitment to achieve this within 12 months Knowledge of UK financial services regulatory requirements  especially, but not limited to, the FSA Knowledge of Life Pensions market, products and procedures, appropriate to the role Experience in the financial services industry, with a minimum 2 years of that experience within a compliancerelated environment Sound product knowledge (i.e. insurance, life pensions, structure of products and tax environment) Ambridge Harris is committed to equal opportunity and diversity. Ambridge Harris will not discriminate on unlawful grounds. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ComplianceMonitoringOfficer_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00322.txt " Compliance Monitoring Officer" " 68683343" " AMBRIDGE HARRIS ASSOCIATES" " Compliance Monitoring Officer Permanent Bournemouth, Dorset Up to ****pa (dependant on experience) Ambridge Harris Associates are supporting their client based in Bournemouth to recruit a Compliance Monitoring Officer to join their expanding finance department. Purpose of the Role: To monitor and report on the compliance of regulatory requirements and internal policies (where appropriate) in line with the Compliance Monitoring Plan Key Responsibilities: To maintain the Compliance Monitoring Procedures and methodologies (and to adopt best practice and economies of scale where appropriate) whilst incorporating reasonable requirements agreed with the Business Partner Interpret and apply relevant regulatory guidance to the business areas and provide practical alternative solutions to the business where standards are deemed to be deficient To present monitoring findings to the relevant Business Customers at debrief stage and in draft and final reports and to the Business Partners at an appropriate and agreed at final report stage. To additionally present findings to the Compliance Business Unit Support team and / or the Compliance Monitoring Manager / Compliance Director as required To maintain appropriate records relating to monitoring activity To report on progress against plan and outstanding actions for governance or otherwise as required To provide support and guidance to the relevant Compliance Business Unit Support teams to ensure that remedial actions fulfil regulatory requirements To escalate risks and issues to the Compliance Manager and / or Compliance Director as appropriate Candidate Profile: FPC or equivalent desirable. Minimum Certificate in Financial Planning (level 1) or contractual commitment to achieve this within 12 months Knowledge of UK financial services regulatory requirements  especially, but not limited to, the FSA Knowledge of Life Pensions market, products and procedures, appropriate to the role Experience in the financial services industry, with a minimum 2 years of that experience within a compliancerelated environment Sound product knowledge (i.e. insurance, life pensions, structure of products and tax environment) Ambridge Harris is committed to equal opportunity and diversity. Ambridge Harris will not discriminate on unlawful grounds. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ComplianceMonitoringOfficer_job****" "['compliance', 'monitoring', 'officer', 'permanent', 'bournemouth', 'dorset', 'pa', 'dependant', 'ambridge', 'harris', 'associates', 'supporting', 'bournemouth', 'recruit', 'compliance', 'monitoring', 'officer', 'expanding', 'finance', 'department', 'purpose', 'monitor', 'report', 'compliance', 'regulatory', 'requirements', 'internal', 'policies', 'line', 'compliance', 'monitoring', 'plan', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'maintain', 'compliance', 'monitoring', 'procedures', 'methodologies', 'adopt', 'practice', 'economies', 'scale', 'whilst', 'incorporating', 'reasonable', 'requirements', 'agreed', 'partner', 'interpret', 'relevant', 'regulatory', 'guidance', 'areas', 'practical', 'alternative', 'solutions', 'standards', 'deemed', 'present', 'monitoring', 'findings', 'relevant', 'customers', 'debrief', 'stage', 'draft', 'final', 'reports', 'partners', 'agreed', 'final', 'report', 'stage', 'additionally', 'present', 'findings', 'compliance', 'unit', 'compliance', 'monitoring', 'compliance', 'director', 'maintain', 'records', 'relating', 'monitoring', 'activity', 'report', 'progress', 'plan', 'outstanding', 'actions', 'governance', 'guidance', 'relevant', 'compliance', 'unit', 'teams', 'remedial', 'actions', 'fulfil', 'regulatory', 'requirements', 'escalate', 'risks', 'issues', 'compliance', 'compliance', 'director', 'profile', 'fpc', 'equivalent', 'desirable', 'minimum', 'certificate', 'planning', 'level', 'contractual', 'commitment', 'achieve', 'months', 'regulatory', 'requirements', 'limited', 'fsa', 'life', 'pensions', 'market', 'products', 'procedures', 'industry', 'minimum', 'years', 'environment', 'sound', 'product', 'insurance', 'life', 'pensions', 'structure', 'products', 'tax', 'environment', 'ambridge', 'harris', 'committed', 'equal', 'diversity', 'ambridge', 'harris', 'discriminate', 'grounds', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Operations Manager
Webindex: 69220730
Description: Job Title: Operations Manager Location: Ashby de la Zouch, Leicestershire Salary: ****k  ****k DOE Operations Manager required for rapidly growing Health and Safety Consultancy. Role to be based in Ashby area (first task may be to help find new offices). This is a key role for our client's business involving the management of their scheduling, document production, QA and support functions. It is likely that the successful candidate will have experience of scheduling/managing scheduling of field based consultants/technicians. It is vital that candidates understand gross profit margins. The successful candidate will be highly numerate, a good communicator, team leader and ambitious enough to want to be promoted to a board level role. They need you to be able to schedule their clients' instructions so that:  We complete the work as rapidly and accurately as possible  We don't over stress our consultants/sub contractors and  We make some money Which if these are the most important? ALL OF THEM. Ohand if you can think of a smarter way of doing things, they are all ears." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00488.txt " Operations Manager" " 69220730"  " Job Title: Operations Manager Location: Ashby de la Zouch, Leicestershire Salary: ****k  ****k DOE Operations Manager required for rapidly growing Health and Safety Consultancy. Role to be based in Ashby area (first task may be to help find new offices). This is a key role for our client's business involving the management of their scheduling, document production, QA and support functions. It is likely that the successful candidate will have experience of scheduling/managing scheduling of field based consultants/technicians. It is vital that candidates understand gross profit margins. The successful candidate will be highly numerate, a good communicator, team leader and ambitious enough to want to be promoted to a board level role. They need you to be able to schedule their clients' instructions so that:  We complete the work as rapidly and accurately as possible  We don't over stress our consultants/sub contractors and  We make some money Which if these are the most important? ALL OF THEM. Ohand if you can think of a smarter way of doing things, they are all ears." "['title', 'operations', 'location', 'ashby', 'leicestershire', 'doe', 'operations', 'rapidly', 'growing', 'health', 'safety', 'consultancy', 'ashby', 'area', 'task', 'find', 'offices', 'key', ""client's"", 'involving', 'scheduling', 'document', 'production', 'qa', 'functions', 'scheduling', 'managing', 'scheduling', 'field', 'consultants', 'technicians', 'vital', 'candidates', 'understand', 'gross', 'profit', 'margins', 'highly', 'numerate', 'communicator', 'leader', 'ambitious', 'promoted', 'board', 'level', 'schedule', 'instructions', 'complete', 'rapidly', 'accurately', 'stress', 'consultants', 'contractors', 'make', 'money', 'important', 'things']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Senior Software Engineers Mathematicians
Webindex: 69867890
Company: Enterprise Recruitment Limited
Description: Multiple opportunities for Software Engineers and Mathematicians to take ownership of algorithm development, signal processing software and systems architecture targeting next generation communications technology. This is a senior role where Software Engineers and Mathematicians will take on the role of Systems Architect, defining technical direction according to timescales and budgets, reporting directly to the Software Manager. You ll work on full projects from presales, software design, implementing solutions and delivery. Programming is predominantly a mix of C, C++ and Matlab for structured software development and using mathematics to solve complex challenges. The Software Manager is looking for imaginative individuals with a desire to learn new technologies and enthusiasm for software development, ideally to fit one of the following profiles: Profile ****: demonstrated interest in mathematics with a strong numerical background, good academia algorithm design outstanding problem solving skills with experience using mathematics to solve complex challenges Profile ****: structured software development, coding to standards or wide exposure to multidisciplinary engineering understanding of software / systems architecture Roles: Software Engineer, Mathematician Location: Cambridge Offer: ****k, shares scheme, private medical, pension, travel insurance, life assurance, annual salary reviews, disability insurance, social club, flexitime, 25 days holiday and excellent prospects for career progression Skills: problem solving, creativity, programming aptitude, C, systems architecture, mathematics, Matlab, signal processing, structured programming" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00217.txt " Senior Software Engineers Mathematicians" " 69867890" " Enterprise Recruitment Limited" " Multiple opportunities for Software Engineers and Mathematicians to take ownership of algorithm development, signal processing software and systems architecture targeting next generation communications technology. This is a senior role where Software Engineers and Mathematicians will take on the role of Systems Architect, defining technical direction according to timescales and budgets, reporting directly to the Software Manager. You ll work on full projects from presales, software design, implementing solutions and delivery. Programming is predominantly a mix of C, C++ and Matlab for structured software development and using mathematics to solve complex challenges. The Software Manager is looking for imaginative individuals with a desire to learn new technologies and enthusiasm for software development, ideally to fit one of the following profiles: Profile ****: demonstrated interest in mathematics with a strong numerical background, good academia algorithm design outstanding problem solving skills with experience using mathematics to solve complex challenges Profile ****: structured software development, coding to standards or wide exposure to multidisciplinary engineering understanding of software / systems architecture Roles: Software Engineer, Mathematician Location: Cambridge Offer: ****k, shares scheme, private medical, pension, travel insurance, life assurance, annual salary reviews, disability insurance, social club, flexitime, 25 days holiday and excellent prospects for career progression Skills: problem solving, creativity, programming aptitude, C, systems architecture, mathematics, Matlab, signal processing, structured programming" "['multiple', 'opportunities', 'software', 'engineers', 'mathematicians', 'ownership', 'algorithm', 'signal', 'processing', 'software', 'architecture', 'targeting', 'generation', 'communications', 'technology', 'senior', 'software', 'engineers', 'mathematicians', 'architect', 'defining', 'technical', 'direction', 'timescales', 'budgets', 'reporting', 'directly', 'software', 'll', 'projects', 'presales', 'software', 'implementing', 'solutions', 'delivery', 'programming', 'predominantly', 'mix', 'matlab', 'structured', 'software', 'mathematics', 'solve', 'complex', 'challenges', 'software', 'individuals', 'desire', 'learn', 'technologies', 'enthusiasm', 'software', 'ideally', 'fit', 'profiles', 'profile', 'demonstrated', 'interest', 'mathematics', 'numerical', 'background', 'algorithm', 'outstanding', 'problem', 'solving', 'mathematics', 'solve', 'complex', 'challenges', 'profile', 'structured', 'software', 'coding', 'standards', 'wide', 'exposure', 'multidisciplinary', 'understanding', 'software', 'architecture', 'roles', 'software', 'location', 'cambridge', 'offer', 'shares', 'scheme', 'private', 'medical', 'pension', 'travel', 'insurance', 'life', 'assurance', 'annual', 'reviews', 'disability', 'insurance', 'social', 'club', 'days', 'holiday', 'prospects', 'career', 'progression', 'problem', 'solving', 'creativity', 'programming', 'aptitude', 'architecture', 'mathematics', 'matlab', 'signal', 'processing', 'structured', 'programming']" Engineering
"Title: Data Collectors
Webindex: 72243490
Company: CIP Recruitment Services Ltd
Description: We are looking for people to work throughout the SM and surrounding postcode areas to visit customers in their homes to collect information including reading their gas and electricity meters. The rate of pay is **** per hour for a 37hour week plus performancerelated bonus. There is not a set shift pattern but you will need to meet the productivity requirements meaning that you must be calling when the customers are at home. you can work between 8am and 8pm Monday to Friday and between 8am and 6pm on Saturday. You must expect to work some early mornings and some late evenings as a minimum as flexibility is the key to success. The bonus scheme is very achieveable so selfmotivation and the need to succeed is imperative. Experience of working outdoors would be beneficial as you will be required to work in all weathers. Full training is provided so experience is not necessary. The successful candidate must have a home telephone landline. We are looking for people with a full UK National Insurance number and a ****year checkable history. We need you to hold a full European driving licence with a maximum of 6 penalty points and be able to provide your own transport for business usage which is reclaimable at **** pence per mile. This position is temporary but has the potential to become permanent for the right candidate. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DataCollectors_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00143.txt " Data Collectors" " 72243490" " CIP Recruitment Services Ltd" " We are looking for people to work throughout the SM and surrounding postcode areas to visit customers in their homes to collect information including reading their gas and electricity meters. The rate of pay is **** per hour for a 37hour week plus performancerelated bonus. There is not a set shift pattern but you will need to meet the productivity requirements meaning that you must be calling when the customers are at home. you can work between 8am and 8pm Monday to Friday and between 8am and 6pm on Saturday. You must expect to work some early mornings and some late evenings as a minimum as flexibility is the key to success. The bonus scheme is very achieveable so selfmotivation and the need to succeed is imperative. Experience of working outdoors would be beneficial as you will be required to work in all weathers. Full training is provided so experience is not necessary. The successful candidate must have a home telephone landline. We are looking for people with a full UK National Insurance number and a ****year checkable history. We need you to hold a full European driving licence with a maximum of 6 penalty points and be able to provide your own transport for business usage which is reclaimable at **** pence per mile. This position is temporary but has the potential to become permanent for the right candidate. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DataCollectors_job****" "['people', 'sm', 'surrounding', 'postcode', 'areas', 'visit', 'customers', 'homes', 'collect', 'information', 'reading', 'gas', 'electricity', 'rate', 'pay', 'hour', 'hour', 'week', 'performancerelated', 'bonus', 'set', 'shift', 'pattern', 'meet', 'productivity', 'requirements', 'meaning', 'calling', 'customers', 'pm', 'monday', 'friday', 'pm', 'saturday', 'expect', 'early', 'mornings', 'late', 'evenings', 'minimum', 'flexibility', 'key', 'success', 'bonus', 'scheme', 'selfmotivation', 'succeed', 'imperative', 'beneficial', 'provided', 'telephone', 'people', 'national', 'insurance', 'number', 'year', 'checkable', 'history', 'hold', 'european', 'driving', 'licence', 'maximum', 'points', 'transport', 'mile', 'temporary', 'potential', 'permanent', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Toolmaker  plastics injection moulding
Webindex: 68217095
Company: ETS Technical
Description: A position has arisen for a Toolmaker in a reputable multinational precision injection moulding company Reporting to Toolroom Team Leader, you will be responsible for the service and upkeep of customer owned injection mould tooling, planned preventative maintenance and repairs of existing mould tools. You will carry out development and modifications for new mould tools to ensure production schedule is completed on time. To be considered for the role , you must be: Experienced in a similar role/industry, Time served within similar role/industry, Familiar with the design of mould tools and related equipment, A team player. Additionally, you must possess craft and bench work skills and have high levels of accuracy. Relevant qualifications and training will be considered, preferably to HNC level. Benefits include 21 days annual leave plus **** statutory days, Life Insurance and excellent career and personal development opportunities" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00028.txt " Toolmaker  plastics injection moulding" " 68217095" " ETS Technical" " A position has arisen for a Toolmaker in a reputable multinational precision injection moulding company Reporting to Toolroom Team Leader, you will be responsible for the service and upkeep of customer owned injection mould tooling, planned preventative maintenance and repairs of existing mould tools. You will carry out development and modifications for new mould tools to ensure production schedule is completed on time. To be considered for the role , you must be: Experienced in a similar role/industry, Time served within similar role/industry, Familiar with the design of mould tools and related equipment, A team player. Additionally, you must possess craft and bench work skills and have high levels of accuracy. Relevant qualifications and training will be considered, preferably to HNC level. Benefits include 21 days annual leave plus **** statutory days, Life Insurance and excellent career and personal development opportunities" "['arisen', 'toolmaker', 'reputable', 'multinational', 'precision', 'injection', 'moulding', 'reporting', 'leader', 'responsible', 'owned', 'injection', 'mould', 'tooling', 'planned', 'preventative', 'maintenance', 'repairs', 'existing', 'mould', 'tools', 'carry', 'modifications', 'mould', 'tools', 'production', 'schedule', 'completed', 'time', 'considered', 'experienced', 'similar', 'industry', 'time', 'served', 'similar', 'industry', 'familiar', 'mould', 'tools', 'related', 'equipment', 'player', 'additionally', 'possess', 'bench', 'levels', 'accuracy', 'relevant', 'qualifications', 'considered', 'preferably', 'hnc', 'level', 'benefits', 'include', 'days', 'annual', 'leave', 'statutory', 'days', 'life', 'insurance', 'career', 'personal', 'opportunities']" Engineering
"Title: Registered Nurse (RGN)  Barchester Healthcare  Truro
Webindex: 68728610
Company: Barchester Healthcare
Description: What is expected of you as a Registered Nurse (RGN)? You are responsible to provide and supervise the delivery of high quality nursing care to residents in accordance with up to date, evidencebased professional practice and company policies. You will be responsible for leading a multidisciplinary team, supervising, training and developing care staff in providing the best quality of care to the people we support. The desire to learn and the ability to inspire your team is therefore essential. Will consider Full and Part Time hours to cover all the available hours. You will be a Qualified Registered Nurse (RGN) and be registered with the NMC. Why join Barchester as a Registered Nurse (RGN)? As market leaders we place our residents first  and our people are the best. You will benefit from a wealth of experience and as a company that places a great emphasis on investing in their people; you will have the opportunity for both personal and professional development. Barchester has its own Learning and Development Academy, giving you the freedom to develop professionally and create your own career pathway  it's just a case of high do you want to climb? How we're different Barchester offers a range of diverse services, from nursing and care services for older people and people living with dementia, to accommodation, supported living and community support for children and adults with a range of different disabilities. With exposure to so many different areas of nursing, you will have the opportunity to build on your clinical skills or focus on a specialist area. Many companies offer management programmes for those already in management positions, with most nurses expected to oversee staff or resources with no management training. Barchester, however, offers management development to staff throughout their careers. These programmes ensure that all staff, particularly nurses, are constantly supported to develop their skills. Benefits include: • Competitive rates of pay • Access to a structured career development path and award winning training via the Barchester Business School which offer a range of training from NVQs to Masters Degrees • Free uniform • Generous Annual Leave Allowance • Employer contribution to a Stakeholder pension plan • Access to Barchester's Shopping Club for hundreds of savings from retail outlets Am I the right person to work for Barchester? A sound understanding of the Care Standards together with a Nursing qualification (RGN) and current NMC registration are essential for this role. • NMC  Nursing Midwifery Council" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00573.txt " Registered Nurse (RGN)  Barchester Healthcare  Truro" " 68728610" " Barchester Healthcare" " What is expected of you as a Registered Nurse (RGN)? You are responsible to provide and supervise the delivery of high quality nursing care to residents in accordance with up to date, evidencebased professional practice and company policies. You will be responsible for leading a multidisciplinary team, supervising, training and developing care staff in providing the best quality of care to the people we support. The desire to learn and the ability to inspire your team is therefore essential. Will consider Full and Part Time hours to cover all the available hours. You will be a Qualified Registered Nurse (RGN) and be registered with the NMC. Why join Barchester as a Registered Nurse (RGN)? As market leaders we place our residents first  and our people are the best. You will benefit from a wealth of experience and as a company that places a great emphasis on investing in their people; you will have the opportunity for both personal and professional development. Barchester has its own Learning and Development Academy, giving you the freedom to develop professionally and create your own career pathway  it's just a case of high do you want to climb? How we're different Barchester offers a range of diverse services, from nursing and care services for older people and people living with dementia, to accommodation, supported living and community support for children and adults with a range of different disabilities. With exposure to so many different areas of nursing, you will have the opportunity to build on your clinical skills or focus on a specialist area. Many companies offer management programmes for those already in management positions, with most nurses expected to oversee staff or resources with no management training. Barchester, however, offers management development to staff throughout their careers. These programmes ensure that all staff, particularly nurses, are constantly supported to develop their skills. Benefits include: • Competitive rates of pay • Access to a structured career development path and award winning training via the Barchester Business School which offer a range of training from NVQs to Masters Degrees • Free uniform • Generous Annual Leave Allowance • Employer contribution to a Stakeholder pension plan • Access to Barchester's Shopping Club for hundreds of savings from retail outlets Am I the right person to work for Barchester? A sound understanding of the Care Standards together with a Nursing qualification (RGN) and current NMC registration are essential for this role. • NMC  Nursing Midwifery Council" "['expected', 'registered', 'nurse', 'rgn', 'responsible', 'supervise', 'delivery', 'quality', 'nursing', 'residents', 'accordance', 'date', 'evidencebased', 'professional', 'practice', 'policies', 'responsible', 'multidisciplinary', 'supervising', 'developing', 'providing', 'quality', 'people', 'desire', 'learn', 'inspire', 'essential', 'part', 'time', 'hours', 'cover', 'hours', 'qualified', 'registered', 'nurse', 'rgn', 'registered', 'nmc', 'barchester', 'registered', 'nurse', 'rgn', 'market', 'leaders', 'place', 'residents', 'people', 'benefit', 'wealth', 'places', 'great', 'emphasis', 'investing', 'people', 'personal', 'professional', 'barchester', 'learning', 'academy', 'giving', 'freedom', 'develop', 'professionally', 'create', 'career', 'pathway', 'case', 'climb', 'barchester', 'offers', 'range', 'diverse', 'nursing', 'older', 'people', 'people', 'living', 'dementia', 'accommodation', 'supported', 'living', 'community', 'children', 'adults', 'range', 'disabilities', 'exposure', 'areas', 'nursing', 'build', 'clinical', 'focus', 'specialist', 'area', 'companies', 'offer', 'programmes', 'positions', 'nurses', 'expected', 'oversee', 'resources', 'barchester', 'offers', 'careers', 'programmes', 'nurses', 'constantly', 'supported', 'develop', 'benefits', 'include', 'competitive', 'rates', 'pay', 'access', 'structured', 'career', 'path', 'award', 'winning', 'barchester', 'school', 'offer', 'range', 'nvqs', 'masters', 'degrees', 'free', 'uniform', 'generous', 'annual', 'leave', 'allowance', 'employer', 'contribution', 'stakeholder', 'pension', 'plan', 'access', ""barchester's"", 'shopping', 'club', 'hundreds', 'savings', 'retail', 'outlets', 'person', 'barchester', 'sound', 'understanding', 'standards', 'nursing', 'qualification', 'rgn', 'current', 'nmc', 'registration', 'essential', 'nmc', 'nursing', 'midwifery', 'council']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Child and Adolescent Mental Health Nurse
Webindex: 71296110
Company: Randstad Care
Description: Randstadcare are looking for experienced RMNs, who must have significant and relevant experience of working within a Child and Adolescent Mental Health Services (CAMHS) environment in the Cheshire area. You must also meet the following criteria as a minimum: Minimum of 2 years relevant postregistration experience  at least 12 months of which must be in a CAMHS RMN role. Experience in delivering and receiving supervision to other staff. Evidence of excellent leadership skills with the ability to assess and prioritise clinical situations. Evidence of ability to communicate effectively between medical and nursing staff (verbally and in writing). If you would like more information please call Darren Logue asap on (Apply online only) or send an up to date resume via the link provided" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00435.txt " Child and Adolescent Mental Health Nurse" " 71296110" " Randstad Care" " Randstadcare are looking for experienced RMNs, who must have significant and relevant experience of working within a Child and Adolescent Mental Health Services (CAMHS) environment in the Cheshire area. You must also meet the following criteria as a minimum: Minimum of 2 years relevant postregistration experience  at least 12 months of which must be in a CAMHS RMN role. Experience in delivering and receiving supervision to other staff. Evidence of excellent leadership skills with the ability to assess and prioritise clinical situations. Evidence of ability to communicate effectively between medical and nursing staff (verbally and in writing). If you would like more information please call Darren Logue asap on (Apply online only) or send an up to date resume via the link provided" "['experienced', 'significant', 'relevant', 'child', 'mental', 'health', 'camhs', 'environment', 'cheshire', 'area', 'meet', 'criteria', 'minimum', 'minimum', 'years', 'relevant', 'postregistration', 'months', 'camhs', 'rmn', 'delivering', 'receiving', 'supervision', 'evidence', 'leadership', 'assess', 'prioritise', 'clinical', 'situations', 'evidence', 'communicate', 'effectively', 'medical', 'nursing', 'verbally', 'writing', 'information', 'call', 'darren', 'asap', 'online', 'send', 'date', 'link', 'provided']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Skilled Machinist
Webindex: 71850659
Company: Randstad
Description: About Our Client Our client are world leaders in the manufacturers of cobalt and nickelbased wearresistant hard facing alloys and engineered components Job Responsibilities: We are looking to appoint a Skilled Machinist to work in a small tool room environment. Machining of components to customer specification, Adhering to Health and Safety requirements for self and others at all times, Routine machine maintenance and general housekeeping, Care and calibration of measuring equipment, Ensuring quality standards are met and any deviations reported, Acknowledging responsibility for work completed, Completion of paperwork, signing for tasks carried out, Follow procedures relating to the proper use and care of equipment and materials for which the role has, Responsibility and those relating to health and safety, Further duties which may arise due to changing work patterns and procedures and covering colleague?s absence. The position will start as a two shift week  morning and afternoons but you may be required to work a night shift in the future. Preferred Skills: You must be time served. Turning Milling Grinding Honing Measuring Reading drawings Personal Attributes: Work for periods without supervision Work effectively within a team Complete tasks efficiently Associated Benefits: 28 days holiday This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SkilledMachinist_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00015.txt " Skilled Machinist" " 71850659" " Randstad" " About Our Client Our client are world leaders in the manufacturers of cobalt and nickelbased wearresistant hard facing alloys and engineered components Job Responsibilities: We are looking to appoint a Skilled Machinist to work in a small tool room environment. Machining of components to customer specification, Adhering to Health and Safety requirements for self and others at all times, Routine machine maintenance and general housekeeping, Care and calibration of measuring equipment, Ensuring quality standards are met and any deviations reported, Acknowledging responsibility for work completed, Completion of paperwork, signing for tasks carried out, Follow procedures relating to the proper use and care of equipment and materials for which the role has, Responsibility and those relating to health and safety, Further duties which may arise due to changing work patterns and procedures and covering colleague?s absence. The position will start as a two shift week  morning and afternoons but you may be required to work a night shift in the future. Preferred Skills: You must be time served. Turning Milling Grinding Honing Measuring Reading drawings Personal Attributes: Work for periods without supervision Work effectively within a team Complete tasks efficiently Associated Benefits: 28 days holiday This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SkilledMachinist_job****" "['world', 'leaders', 'manufacturers', 'hard', 'facing', 'engineered', 'components', 'responsibilities', 'appoint', 'skilled', 'machinist', 'small', 'tool', 'room', 'environment', 'machining', 'components', 'specification', 'adhering', 'health', 'safety', 'requirements', 'times', 'routine', 'machine', 'maintenance', 'general', 'housekeeping', 'calibration', 'measuring', 'equipment', 'ensuring', 'quality', 'standards', 'met', 'deviations', 'reported', 'responsibility', 'completed', 'completion', 'paperwork', 'signing', 'tasks', 'carried', 'follow', 'procedures', 'relating', 'proper', 'equipment', 'materials', 'responsibility', 'relating', 'health', 'safety', 'duties', 'arise', 'due', 'changing', 'patterns', 'procedures', 'covering', 'colleague', 'absence', 'start', 'shift', 'week', 'morning', 'afternoons', 'night', 'shift', 'future', 'preferred', 'time', 'served', 'turning', 'milling', 'grinding', 'honing', 'measuring', 'reading', 'drawings', 'personal', 'attributes', 'periods', 'supervision', 'effectively', 'complete', 'tasks', 'efficiently', 'benefits', 'days', 'holiday', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Deputy Home Manager  RN
Webindex: 71675717
Company: Eclypse Recruitment
Description: Nursing Home Manager Required for Elderly Frail and Dementia Nursing Home in Weymouth, Dorset Eclypse recruitment is searching for an experienced Nurse Deputy Home manager to work within a large purpose built Nursing home, surrounded by gardens located in the Weymouth area of Dorset. My client is part of an independent group and has high expectations form their staff and strive to deliver excellent care. They have a large nursing home based in Weymouth, Dorset where they are currently looking to recruit a Deputy Home Manager to help the manager with the day to day running of the nursing home. The successful candidate will need to have experience in:  Management within a Care Home (at Deputy or Unit Manager Level)  Be a 1st Level RGN or RMN Nurse  Have strong up to date Clinical skills  Good knowledge of CQC  Ability to work well under pressure  General Nursing duties  Nursing of the elderly Our client is looking for a nurse deputy manager who is passionate about elderly care and is a strong leader of staff. You will work **** hours a week with on call duty every other weekend. This is a fantastic opportunity for the right candidate to join a strong team and to develop further. The client are looking to pay a salary of circa ****  **** for this post. Please send your CV to Becky at Eclypse Recruitment for more information. Key words: Deputy Home Manager, Dorset, Weymouth This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DeputyHomeManagerRN_job****" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00571.txt " Deputy Home Manager  RN" " 71675717" " Eclypse Recruitment" " Nursing Home Manager Required for Elderly Frail and Dementia Nursing Home in Weymouth, Dorset Eclypse recruitment is searching for an experienced Nurse Deputy Home manager to work within a large purpose built Nursing home, surrounded by gardens located in the Weymouth area of Dorset. My client is part of an independent group and has high expectations form their staff and strive to deliver excellent care. They have a large nursing home based in Weymouth, Dorset where they are currently looking to recruit a Deputy Home Manager to help the manager with the day to day running of the nursing home. The successful candidate will need to have experience in:  Management within a Care Home (at Deputy or Unit Manager Level)  Be a 1st Level RGN or RMN Nurse  Have strong up to date Clinical skills  Good knowledge of CQC  Ability to work well under pressure  General Nursing duties  Nursing of the elderly Our client is looking for a nurse deputy manager who is passionate about elderly care and is a strong leader of staff. You will work **** hours a week with on call duty every other weekend. This is a fantastic opportunity for the right candidate to join a strong team and to develop further. The client are looking to pay a salary of circa ****  **** for this post. Please send your CV to Becky at Eclypse Recruitment for more information. Key words: Deputy Home Manager, Dorset, Weymouth This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DeputyHomeManagerRN_job****" "['nursing', 'elderly', 'frail', 'dementia', 'nursing', 'weymouth', 'dorset', 'eclypse', 'searching', 'experienced', 'nurse', 'deputy', 'large', 'purpose', 'built', 'nursing', 'surrounded', 'gardens', 'located', 'weymouth', 'area', 'dorset', 'part', 'independent', 'group', 'expectations', 'form', 'strive', 'deliver', 'large', 'nursing', 'weymouth', 'dorset', 'recruit', 'deputy', 'day', 'day', 'running', 'nursing', 'deputy', 'unit', 'level', 'st', 'level', 'rgn', 'rmn', 'nurse', 'date', 'clinical', 'cqc', 'pressure', 'general', 'nursing', 'duties', 'nursing', 'elderly', 'nurse', 'deputy', 'passionate', 'elderly', 'leader', 'hours', 'week', 'call', 'duty', 'weekend', 'fantastic', 'develop', 'pay', 'circa', 'post', 'send', 'cv', 'becky', 'eclypse', 'information', 'key', 'words', 'deputy', 'dorset', 'weymouth', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Head of Finance
Webindex: 69545040
Company: Royal Mencap Society
Description: Head of Finance (Shared Services) Mencap is the UK's leading learning disability charity, working with people with a learning disability and their families and carers. It fights for equal rights, campaigns for greater opportunities and challenges attitudes and prejudice. We have a fantastic opportunity to manage the Financial Shared Services of our Business Service Centre based in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire. Responsible for all functional areas including income recovery procedures, debtor management, cash allocation and accounts payables. Manage cash inflows and will ensure processes are regularly reviewed to identify improvements in efficiency, control and customer service. You will have a strong transactional background gained in a headoffice or sharedservice environment with a proven background of leadership in an accounts environment. Experience of process improvement, customer service and the ability to build strong working relationships at all levels are an essential part of this role. You will also have the ability to support the wider financial needs of the business and the skills to analyse information to support decisions making and planning. Working alongside the Commercial Director as the Financial Business Partner you will also develop and implement the finance strategy and plans for the Business Service Centre; prepare its annual budget; manage the budgeting / forecasting for each activity area, act as risk manager for key financial processes and agree any shared services / reallocations with all stakeholders. The ideal candidate for this role will hold a relevant accountancy qualification (ACA, CIMA, ACCA). Closing date: ****/****/****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00422.txt " Head of Finance" " 69545040" " Royal Mencap Society" " Head of Finance (Shared Services) Mencap is the UK's leading learning disability charity, working with people with a learning disability and their families and carers. It fights for equal rights, campaigns for greater opportunities and challenges attitudes and prejudice. We have a fantastic opportunity to manage the Financial Shared Services of our Business Service Centre based in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire. Responsible for all functional areas including income recovery procedures, debtor management, cash allocation and accounts payables. Manage cash inflows and will ensure processes are regularly reviewed to identify improvements in efficiency, control and customer service. You will have a strong transactional background gained in a headoffice or sharedservice environment with a proven background of leadership in an accounts environment. Experience of process improvement, customer service and the ability to build strong working relationships at all levels are an essential part of this role. You will also have the ability to support the wider financial needs of the business and the skills to analyse information to support decisions making and planning. Working alongside the Commercial Director as the Financial Business Partner you will also develop and implement the finance strategy and plans for the Business Service Centre; prepare its annual budget; manage the budgeting / forecasting for each activity area, act as risk manager for key financial processes and agree any shared services / reallocations with all stakeholders. The ideal candidate for this role will hold a relevant accountancy qualification (ACA, CIMA, ACCA). Closing date: ****/****/****" "['head', 'finance', 'shared', ""uk's"", 'learning', 'disability', 'charity', 'people', 'learning', 'disability', 'families', 'carers', 'equal', 'rights', 'campaigns', 'greater', 'opportunities', 'challenges', 'attitudes', 'fantastic', 'manage', 'shared', 'centre', 'peterborough', 'cambridgeshire', 'responsible', 'functional', 'areas', 'income', 'recovery', 'procedures', 'debtor', 'cash', 'allocation', 'accounts', 'manage', 'cash', 'processes', 'regularly', 'reviewed', 'identify', 'improvements', 'efficiency', 'control', 'transactional', 'background', 'gained', 'headoffice', 'environment', 'proven', 'background', 'leadership', 'accounts', 'environment', 'process', 'improvement', 'build', 'relationships', 'levels', 'essential', 'part', 'wider', 'analyse', 'information', 'decisions', 'making', 'planning', 'alongside', 'commercial', 'director', 'partner', 'develop', 'implement', 'finance', 'strategy', 'plans', 'centre', 'prepare', 'annual', 'budget', 'manage', 'budgeting', 'forecasting', 'activity', 'area', 'act', 'risk', 'key', 'processes', 'agree', 'shared', 'stakeholders', 'ideal', 'hold', 'relevant', 'accountancy', 'qualification', 'aca', 'cima', 'acca', 'closing', 'date']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Health Care Assistant
Webindex: 71335031
Company: Castlerock Recruitment Group
Description: Are you working in the NHS and looking for a new role? Then join our dedicated NHS nursing and care team CRG are looking for a HCA, Nursing Assistant, HCSW, Support Worker, Carer, Health Care Assistant to work within hospital settings in the NHS. This vacancy is being advertised by Castlerock Healthcare who is acting as an employment business. We are a preferred and key supplier into the NHS. We require exceptional and committed support workers/ care professionals with previous experience in the NHS or Private Sector healthcare, to deliver high standards of care in and around the SELECT AREA area. Experience of working within specialist NHS services or private sector ward environments is essential. A good working knowledge of the support and care needs of people who are unwell as well as practical experience in the NHS is essential. We require dedicated, professional people who have experience of working with service users within the NHS or other hospital settings. This will also include working in the following areas; • ITU • General Wards • Surgical Wards • MAU • A E • Outpatients • Emergency Department • Care of the Elderly • Various other Hospital Departments Normal **** false false false ENGB XNONE XNONE" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00505.txt " Health Care Assistant" " 71335031" " Castlerock Recruitment Group" " Are you working in the NHS and looking for a new role? Then join our dedicated NHS nursing and care team CRG are looking for a HCA, Nursing Assistant, HCSW, Support Worker, Carer, Health Care Assistant to work within hospital settings in the NHS. This vacancy is being advertised by Castlerock Healthcare who is acting as an employment business. We are a preferred and key supplier into the NHS. We require exceptional and committed support workers/ care professionals with previous experience in the NHS or Private Sector healthcare, to deliver high standards of care in and around the SELECT AREA area. Experience of working within specialist NHS services or private sector ward environments is essential. A good working knowledge of the support and care needs of people who are unwell as well as practical experience in the NHS is essential. We require dedicated, professional people who have experience of working with service users within the NHS or other hospital settings. This will also include working in the following areas; • ITU • General Wards • Surgical Wards • MAU • A E • Outpatients • Emergency Department • Care of the Elderly • Various other Hospital Departments Normal **** false false false ENGB XNONE XNONE" "['nhs', 'dedicated', 'nhs', 'nursing', 'hca', 'nursing', 'assistant', 'worker', 'carer', 'health', 'assistant', 'hospital', 'settings', 'nhs', 'vacancy', 'advertised', 'healthcare', 'acting', 'employment', 'preferred', 'key', 'supplier', 'nhs', 'require', 'exceptional', 'committed', 'workers', 'professionals', 'previous', 'nhs', 'private', 'sector', 'healthcare', 'deliver', 'standards', 'select', 'area', 'area', 'specialist', 'nhs', 'private', 'sector', 'ward', 'environments', 'essential', 'people', 'practical', 'nhs', 'essential', 'require', 'dedicated', 'professional', 'people', 'users', 'nhs', 'hospital', 'settings', 'include', 'areas', 'itu', 'general', 'wards', 'surgical', 'wards', 'outpatients', 'emergency', 'department', 'elderly', 'hospital', 'departments', 'normal', 'false', 'false', 'false', 'xnone', 'xnone']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: RGN Sheffield Days **** p/h
Webindex: 66601501
Description: We urgently need an experienced RGN Nurse for our prestigious facility in Sheffield. You will be caring for elderly frail residents and the role is for day shifts Newly qualified nurses will be considered but only nurses who can demonstrate commitment and a genuine desire to care for others will be taken forward The salary range is **** per hour and on top of this are numerous benefits and opportunities to progress Please send your CV to p.beneferedenbrown.com and call **** **** **** Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00533.txt " RGN Sheffield Days **** p/h" " 66601501"  " We urgently need an experienced RGN Nurse for our prestigious facility in Sheffield. You will be caring for elderly frail residents and the role is for day shifts Newly qualified nurses will be considered but only nurses who can demonstrate commitment and a genuine desire to care for others will be taken forward The salary range is **** per hour and on top of this are numerous benefits and opportunities to progress Please send your CV to p.beneferedenbrown.com and call **** **** **** Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy." "['urgently', 'experienced', 'rgn', 'nurse', 'prestigious', 'facility', 'sheffield', 'caring', 'elderly', 'frail', 'residents', 'day', 'shifts', 'newly', 'qualified', 'nurses', 'considered', 'nurses', 'demonstrate', 'commitment', 'genuine', 'desire', 'forward', 'range', 'hour', 'top', 'numerous', 'benefits', 'opportunities', 'progress', 'send', 'cv', 'call', 'eden', 'brown', 'committed', 'equality', 'workplace', 'equal', 'employer', 'eden', 'brown', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'vacancy']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Electronics Project Engineer
Webindex: 69265319
Company: Progressive Recruitment
Description: Electronics Project Engineer  high technology  Permanent  Oxfordshire A brand new opportunity has arisen for a well rounded Electronics Project Engineer This is an interesting, varied role for a talented engineer to join a growing, high technology company based in Oxfordshire. The company is going through an exciting period of growth and you will play a critical part in this development. As a successful Electronics Project Engineer, not only will you be project managing but you will also be involved in the development of a wide range of products. This will include working with a number of development partners to complete the design phase and take the product through to manufacture. This role will require an engineer who can take responsibility for converting customer requirements to a production ready design with minimum supervision. As such, this will suit someone with proven electronics/ electrical design skills and full product development management experience. Perhaps you have some project management experience or have been leading or coordinating product development drives similar to this? Or you might be responsible for taking products to market from start to finish in your current role? Skills:  Degree educated in electronics, electrical or a similar discipline Proven electronics or electrical design experience in a commercial environment  Analog and digital circuit design  Basic understanding of embedded C  Experience of managing a full product development lifecycle from start to finish  Project management experience  Ability to liaise with third party suppliers, design contractors, manufacturers  Excellent communication skills at all levels This will also suit someone who will enjoy working in a cutting edge, high technology company and thrive in a fast paced, small business environment. The environment can be high pressured but the staff are relaxed and friendly from technicians all the way up to senior management The company adopts a fairly flat structure and you will have autonomy to run with new ideas so this role would suit someone who enjoys taking on a challenge and enjoys problem solving. Salary will be competitive depending on your level of experience. Interviews will commence immediately so send your latest CV to Noa Muratsubaki at Progressive Engineering.To find out more about Progressive Recruitment please visit www.progressiverecruitment.com" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00004.txt " Electronics Project Engineer" " 69265319" " Progressive Recruitment" " Electronics Project Engineer  high technology  Permanent  Oxfordshire A brand new opportunity has arisen for a well rounded Electronics Project Engineer This is an interesting, varied role for a talented engineer to join a growing, high technology company based in Oxfordshire. The company is going through an exciting period of growth and you will play a critical part in this development. As a successful Electronics Project Engineer, not only will you be project managing but you will also be involved in the development of a wide range of products. This will include working with a number of development partners to complete the design phase and take the product through to manufacture. This role will require an engineer who can take responsibility for converting customer requirements to a production ready design with minimum supervision. As such, this will suit someone with proven electronics/ electrical design skills and full product development management experience. Perhaps you have some project management experience or have been leading or coordinating product development drives similar to this? Or you might be responsible for taking products to market from start to finish in your current role? Skills:  Degree educated in electronics, electrical or a similar discipline Proven electronics or electrical design experience in a commercial environment  Analog and digital circuit design  Basic understanding of embedded C  Experience of managing a full product development lifecycle from start to finish  Project management experience  Ability to liaise with third party suppliers, design contractors, manufacturers  Excellent communication skills at all levels This will also suit someone who will enjoy working in a cutting edge, high technology company and thrive in a fast paced, small business environment. The environment can be high pressured but the staff are relaxed and friendly from technicians all the way up to senior management The company adopts a fairly flat structure and you will have autonomy to run with new ideas so this role would suit someone who enjoys taking on a challenge and enjoys problem solving. Salary will be competitive depending on your level of experience. Interviews will commence immediately so send your latest CV to Noa Muratsubaki at Progressive Engineering.To find out more about Progressive Recruitment please visit www.progressiverecruitment.com" "['electronics', 'project', 'technology', 'permanent', 'oxfordshire', 'brand', 'arisen', 'rounded', 'electronics', 'project', 'interesting', 'varied', 'talented', 'growing', 'technology', 'oxfordshire', 'exciting', 'period', 'growth', 'play', 'critical', 'part', 'electronics', 'project', 'project', 'managing', 'involved', 'wide', 'range', 'products', 'include', 'number', 'partners', 'complete', 'phase', 'product', 'manufacture', 'require', 'responsibility', 'converting', 'requirements', 'production', 'ready', 'minimum', 'supervision', 'suit', 'proven', 'electronics', 'electrical', 'product', 'project', 'coordinating', 'product', 'drives', 'similar', 'responsible', 'taking', 'products', 'market', 'start', 'finish', 'current', 'degree', 'educated', 'electronics', 'electrical', 'similar', 'discipline', 'proven', 'electronics', 'electrical', 'commercial', 'environment', 'analog', 'digital', 'circuit', 'basic', 'understanding', 'embedded', 'managing', 'product', 'lifecycle', 'start', 'finish', 'project', 'liaise', 'party', 'suppliers', 'contractors', 'manufacturers', 'communication', 'levels', 'suit', 'enjoy', 'cutting', 'edge', 'technology', 'thrive', 'fast', 'paced', 'small', 'environment', 'environment', 'pressured', 'relaxed', 'friendly', 'technicians', 'senior', 'fairly', 'flat', 'structure', 'autonomy', 'run', 'ideas', 'suit', 'enjoys', 'taking', 'challenge', 'enjoys', 'problem', 'solving', 'competitive', 'depending', 'level', 'interviews', 'commence', 'immediately', 'send', 'latest', 'cv', 'progressive', 'find', 'progressive', 'visit', 'www', 'progressiverecruitment']" Engineering
"Title: Deputy Manager  Edmonton  Edmonton
Webindex: 67746089
Company: Regional Recruitment Services
Description: Regional Recruitment Services are currently recruiting for:Job Title: Deputy Manager (RGN) Area: Edmonton, London, UKSalary: **** per annum  excellent annual leave  company benefits Hours: 40 hours per weekType of Service: Care Home with Nursing  Privately Owned Registered Care Categories: Old Age Specialist Care Categories: Speech Impairment & Visual Impairment As a Deputy Manager you will need to have: Registered General Nurse qualification  Current NMC pin number Previous experience of dealing with the above client groups Sound knowledge of dealing with Care Plans, Risk Assessments and Medications  Previous experience of leading a large staff team Good leadership and management skills  Good communication skills Passion for caring for othersThis role is being advertised by Regional Recruitment Services who are acting as an recruitment agency. If you would like any more information regarding this role please contact Alex Howarth or Emma Fyfe now on **** **** **** or apply for the role below. Quoting reference ****EF" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00495.txt " Deputy Manager  Edmonton  Edmonton" " 67746089" " Regional Recruitment Services" " Regional Recruitment Services are currently recruiting for:Job Title: Deputy Manager (RGN) Area: Edmonton, London, UKSalary: **** per annum  excellent annual leave  company benefits Hours: 40 hours per weekType of Service: Care Home with Nursing  Privately Owned Registered Care Categories: Old Age Specialist Care Categories: Speech Impairment & Visual Impairment As a Deputy Manager you will need to have: Registered General Nurse qualification  Current NMC pin number Previous experience of dealing with the above client groups Sound knowledge of dealing with Care Plans, Risk Assessments and Medications  Previous experience of leading a large staff team Good leadership and management skills  Good communication skills Passion for caring for othersThis role is being advertised by Regional Recruitment Services who are acting as an recruitment agency. If you would like any more information regarding this role please contact Alex Howarth or Emma Fyfe now on **** **** **** or apply for the role below. Quoting reference ****EF" "['regional', 'recruiting', 'title', 'deputy', 'rgn', 'area', 'london', 'annum', 'annual', 'leave', 'benefits', 'hours', 'hours', 'nursing', 'privately', 'owned', 'registered', 'categories', 'age', 'specialist', 'categories', 'speech', 'impairment', 'visual', 'impairment', 'deputy', 'registered', 'general', 'nurse', 'qualification', 'current', 'nmc', 'pin', 'number', 'previous', 'dealing', 'groups', 'sound', 'dealing', 'plans', 'risk', 'assessments', 'medications', 'previous', 'large', 'leadership', 'communication', 'passion', 'caring', 'advertised', 'regional', 'acting', 'agency', 'information', 'contact', 'alex', 'howarth', 'emma', 'fyfe', 'quoting', 'reference', 'ef']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Legal Cashier
Webindex: 65450489
Company: JOBG8
Description: A leading law firm is looking to hire a Legal Cashier for a 912 month contract. The main purpose of the Legal Cashier role is to investigate and resolve aged client accounts balances and credit disbursement balances. The majority of this Legal Cashier role is project based: Investigation and resolution of aged client suspense balances, aged client account balances, credit disbursement balances. To apply for this Legal Cashier role you must either be immediately available or on short notice. You must have at least 3 years' experience in a Legal Cashiering position, and Elite system knowledge is an advantage. You must be fully up to date with the SRA Accounts Rules 2011, money laundering requirements and VAT legislation." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00364.txt " Legal Cashier" " 65450489" " JOBG8" " A leading law firm is looking to hire a Legal Cashier for a 912 month contract. The main purpose of the Legal Cashier role is to investigate and resolve aged client accounts balances and credit disbursement balances. The majority of this Legal Cashier role is project based: Investigation and resolution of aged client suspense balances, aged client account balances, credit disbursement balances. To apply for this Legal Cashier role you must either be immediately available or on short notice. You must have at least 3 years' experience in a Legal Cashiering position, and Elite system knowledge is an advantage. You must be fully up to date with the SRA Accounts Rules 2011, money laundering requirements and VAT legislation." "['law', 'firm', 'hire', 'legal', 'cashier', 'month', 'contract', 'main', 'purpose', 'legal', 'cashier', 'investigate', 'resolve', 'aged', 'accounts', 'balances', 'credit', 'disbursement', 'balances', 'majority', 'legal', 'cashier', 'project', 'investigation', 'resolution', 'aged', 'suspense', 'balances', 'aged', 'account', 'balances', 'credit', 'disbursement', 'balances', 'legal', 'cashier', 'immediately', 'short', 'notice', 'years', 'legal', 'cashiering', 'elite', 'system', 'advantage', 'fully', 'date', 'accounts', 'rules', 'money', 'laundering', 'requirements', 'vat', 'legislation']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Underfloor Heating Sales Technical Manager  UK
Webindex: 69083316
Company: Alecto Recruitment
Description: Underfloor Heating Sales s leading renewable organisations and become a key member of the team as they continue to expand. To apply for this role, please forward your CV to Mike Prew, Alecto Recruitment. (url removed) or follow us on Twitter alectorecruit" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00043.txt " Underfloor Heating Sales Technical Manager  UK" " 69083316" " Alecto Recruitment" " Underfloor Heating Sales s leading renewable organisations and become a key member of the team as they continue to expand. To apply for this role, please forward your CV to Mike Prew, Alecto Recruitment. (url removed) or follow us on Twitter alectorecruit" "['heating', 'renewable', 'organisations', 'key', 'member', 'continue', 'expand', 'forward', 'cv', 'mike', 'alecto', 'url', 'removed', 'follow', 'twitter']" Engineering
"Title: Accountant / Finance Manager
Webindex: 69046353
Company: Sheridan Maine
Description: Sheridan Maine is working with a Reading based client that is a market leader in their specialist field. The role of Accounting Manager has arisen as the organisation continues to grow and win new business. We are seeking candidates that are ACA or ACCA qualified with 2 years  post qualified experience ideally gained within practice or an outsourcing firm. The role will involve providing a wide range of services to clients including financial and management accounting, analysis and MI, planning and tax. You will also be responsible for managing and developing a small team of accountants. Excellent opportunities exist for long term career development. SM  Agy Candidates must be eligible to work in the UK full time without restriction. Due to the high volume of applications we receive it is not always possible to respond to unsuccessful applicants. Therefore if we have not responded to your application within five days please note that on this occasion your application has not been successful." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00405.txt " Accountant / Finance Manager" " 69046353" " Sheridan Maine" " Sheridan Maine is working with a Reading based client that is a market leader in their specialist field. The role of Accounting Manager has arisen as the organisation continues to grow and win new business. We are seeking candidates that are ACA or ACCA qualified with 2 years  post qualified experience ideally gained within practice or an outsourcing firm. The role will involve providing a wide range of services to clients including financial and management accounting, analysis and MI, planning and tax. You will also be responsible for managing and developing a small team of accountants. Excellent opportunities exist for long term career development. SM  Agy Candidates must be eligible to work in the UK full time without restriction. Due to the high volume of applications we receive it is not always possible to respond to unsuccessful applicants. Therefore if we have not responded to your application within five days please note that on this occasion your application has not been successful." "['sheridan', 'maine', 'reading', 'market', 'leader', 'specialist', 'field', 'accounting', 'arisen', 'organisation', 'continues', 'grow', 'win', 'seeking', 'candidates', 'aca', 'acca', 'qualified', 'years', 'post', 'qualified', 'ideally', 'gained', 'practice', 'outsourcing', 'firm', 'involve', 'providing', 'wide', 'range', 'accounting', 'analysis', 'mi', 'planning', 'tax', 'responsible', 'managing', 'developing', 'small', 'accountants', 'opportunities', 'exist', 'long', 'term', 'career', 'sm', 'agy', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'time', 'restriction', 'due', 'volume', 'applications', 'receive', 'respond', 'unsuccessful', 'applicants', 'responded', 'application', 'days', 'note', 'occasion', 'application']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Dialogue Letters Adviser
Webindex: 68693284
Company: The Co operative Banking Group
Description: We’ve become the world’s largest consumer cooperative by putting our customers and our ethics at the heart of everything we do. Play your part in ensuring that all our banking and insurance customers receive appropriate, accurate, meaningful and clear written communication by joining our Dialogue Letters team in Manchester . The core purpose of this role is to work with various internal departments and translate the messages they want to communicate to customers into meaningful and transparent pieces of written collateral via your established experience of creating letter templates in Dialogue. To do this effectively and to ensure our customers are treated fairly, you will not only have to have a clear understanding of the voice of our customers but also be competent working with correspondence systems such as Dialogue and be able to constructively challenge requests from the business to ensure that all communication requests are controlled, add value, adhere to the Bank’s values and regulatory requirements and are appropriate to the audience in question. To do this successfully you will need to have the following skills and experience:  Thorough knowledge of Dialogue, including proven evidence of being able to create and manipulate templates.  Experience of working within a banking or insurance environment is desirable but not essential  Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including the ability and confidence to effectively challenge internal customers where necessary.  Experience of working in a Dialogue Letters environment and a clear understanding of the role this team plays in the overall customer experience.  Expert problem solving and planning skills  The ability to multitask and manage diverse technical elements of the team’s correspondence systems.  The ability to think strategically and evaluate how communication requests fit into the overall customer experience. With excellent staff discounts plus a friendly working environment, there are plenty of reasons to get excited about a career at The Cooperative Banking Group. You’ll also get ongoing professional training and support, a competitive salary and, most importantly, the job security of working for a truly ethical and highly respected employer. We are passionate about equal opportunities and welcome a broad diversity of talent to apply. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DialogueLettersAdviser_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00410.txt " Dialogue Letters Adviser" " 68693284" " The Co operative Banking Group" " We’ve become the world’s largest consumer cooperative by putting our customers and our ethics at the heart of everything we do. Play your part in ensuring that all our banking and insurance customers receive appropriate, accurate, meaningful and clear written communication by joining our Dialogue Letters team in Manchester . The core purpose of this role is to work with various internal departments and translate the messages they want to communicate to customers into meaningful and transparent pieces of written collateral via your established experience of creating letter templates in Dialogue. To do this effectively and to ensure our customers are treated fairly, you will not only have to have a clear understanding of the voice of our customers but also be competent working with correspondence systems such as Dialogue and be able to constructively challenge requests from the business to ensure that all communication requests are controlled, add value, adhere to the Bank’s values and regulatory requirements and are appropriate to the audience in question. To do this successfully you will need to have the following skills and experience:  Thorough knowledge of Dialogue, including proven evidence of being able to create and manipulate templates.  Experience of working within a banking or insurance environment is desirable but not essential  Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including the ability and confidence to effectively challenge internal customers where necessary.  Experience of working in a Dialogue Letters environment and a clear understanding of the role this team plays in the overall customer experience.  Expert problem solving and planning skills  The ability to multitask and manage diverse technical elements of the team’s correspondence systems.  The ability to think strategically and evaluate how communication requests fit into the overall customer experience. With excellent staff discounts plus a friendly working environment, there are plenty of reasons to get excited about a career at The Cooperative Banking Group. You’ll also get ongoing professional training and support, a competitive salary and, most importantly, the job security of working for a truly ethical and highly respected employer. We are passionate about equal opportunities and welcome a broad diversity of talent to apply. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DialogueLettersAdviser_job****" "['ve', 'world', 'largest', 'consumer', 'cooperative', 'putting', 'customers', 'ethics', 'heart', 'play', 'part', 'ensuring', 'banking', 'insurance', 'customers', 'receive', 'accurate', 'meaningful', 'clear', 'written', 'communication', 'joining', 'dialogue', 'letters', 'manchester', 'core', 'purpose', 'internal', 'departments', 'translate', 'communicate', 'customers', 'meaningful', 'transparent', 'written', 'established', 'creating', 'letter', 'templates', 'dialogue', 'effectively', 'customers', 'treated', 'fairly', 'clear', 'understanding', 'voice', 'customers', 'competent', 'correspondence', 'dialogue', 'constructively', 'challenge', 'requests', 'communication', 'requests', 'controlled', 'add', 'adhere', 'bank', 'values', 'regulatory', 'requirements', 'audience', 'question', 'successfully', 'dialogue', 'proven', 'evidence', 'create', 'templates', 'banking', 'insurance', 'environment', 'desirable', 'essential', 'written', 'verbal', 'communication', 'confidence', 'effectively', 'challenge', 'internal', 'customers', 'dialogue', 'letters', 'environment', 'clear', 'understanding', 'plays', 'expert', 'problem', 'solving', 'planning', 'multitask', 'manage', 'diverse', 'technical', 'elements', 'correspondence', 'strategically', 'evaluate', 'communication', 'requests', 'fit', 'discounts', 'friendly', 'environment', 'plenty', 'reasons', 'excited', 'career', 'cooperative', 'banking', 'group', 'll', 'ongoing', 'professional', 'competitive', 'importantly', 'security', 'ethical', 'highly', 'respected', 'employer', 'passionate', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'broad', 'diversity', 'talent', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Commercial Partnership Sales Executive
Webindex: 69250765
Company: TRI Consulting Ltd
Description: Professional Membership body with an extremely strong and well respected brand are recruiting a Commercial Partnership Sales Executive to join the team. ****  **** base  excellent (uncapped) Bonus package A fantastic opportunity for someone who is driven by success and wants to work with a credible and highly respected brand. You will be adept at managing relationships with senior stakeholders/ influential clients and have a consultative approach. You will be a key contributor to achieving team sales targets Main point of initial contact with the partner liaising with them on a regular basis to ensure that the organisation is meeting partner expectations. Work closely with specific areas of organisation to develop engagement programmes that clients will invest in that meet member demands Specify the delivery of the contractual relationship by: Working with the Account Management team in the final stages of securing the partner, to ensure they are aware of the parameters of the agreement delivery Coordinating and communicating with the various internal departments / directorates / functions to ensure that each element of the agreement is being met and that they are maximising all avenues of opportunity Coordinating and leading update meetings Ensure relevant internal teams are kept up to date To contribute to the development and delivery of the organisation s business objectives." 3 data/Sales\Job_00750.txt " Commercial Partnership Sales Executive" " 69250765" " TRI Consulting Ltd" " Professional Membership body with an extremely strong and well respected brand are recruiting a Commercial Partnership Sales Executive to join the team. ****  **** base  excellent (uncapped) Bonus package A fantastic opportunity for someone who is driven by success and wants to work with a credible and highly respected brand. You will be adept at managing relationships with senior stakeholders/ influential clients and have a consultative approach. You will be a key contributor to achieving team sales targets Main point of initial contact with the partner liaising with them on a regular basis to ensure that the organisation is meeting partner expectations. Work closely with specific areas of organisation to develop engagement programmes that clients will invest in that meet member demands Specify the delivery of the contractual relationship by: Working with the Account Management team in the final stages of securing the partner, to ensure they are aware of the parameters of the agreement delivery Coordinating and communicating with the various internal departments / directorates / functions to ensure that each element of the agreement is being met and that they are maximising all avenues of opportunity Coordinating and leading update meetings Ensure relevant internal teams are kept up to date To contribute to the development and delivery of the organisation s business objectives." "['professional', 'membership', 'body', 'extremely', 'respected', 'brand', 'recruiting', 'commercial', 'partnership', 'executive', 'base', 'uncapped', 'bonus', 'package', 'fantastic', 'driven', 'success', 'credible', 'highly', 'respected', 'brand', 'adept', 'managing', 'relationships', 'senior', 'stakeholders', 'influential', 'consultative', 'approach', 'key', 'achieving', 'targets', 'main', 'point', 'initial', 'contact', 'partner', 'liaising', 'regular', 'basis', 'organisation', 'meeting', 'partner', 'expectations', 'closely', 'specific', 'areas', 'organisation', 'develop', 'engagement', 'programmes', 'invest', 'meet', 'member', 'demands', 'delivery', 'contractual', 'relationship', 'account', 'final', 'stages', 'securing', 'partner', 'aware', 'parameters', 'agreement', 'delivery', 'coordinating', 'communicating', 'internal', 'departments', 'directorates', 'functions', 'element', 'agreement', 'met', 'maximising', 'avenues', 'coordinating', 'update', 'meetings', 'relevant', 'internal', 'teams', 'date', 'contribute', 'delivery', 'organisation', 'objectives']" Sales
"Title: Support Worker  Waking Nights
Webindex: 71335000
Company: Sanctuary Housing Association
Description: SUPPORT WORKER – WAKING NIGHTS ASHLEY COOPER HOUSE, **** HILLYARD STREET, BRIXTON **** TO **** PER HOUR (DEPENDENT ON QUALIFICATIONS) 40 HOURS PER WEEK INCLUDING WEEKENDS Ashley Cooper House is a care home for younger adults with physical and learning disabilities. Ensuring that residents receive the right level of care to meet their individual needs, you will establish positive relationships with residents and staff. Promoting safe working practices throughout the home you will also provide personal care and keep residents’ rooms and communal areas clean and tidy. With previous experience of working in a Learning and Physical Disabilities care environment, you will ideally be qualified or willing to work towards your NVQ / QCF Level 2 in Care. As well as strong support and involvement, you will also receive our excellent benefits package, which includes 28 days annual leave, pro rata (including bank holidays) and a sick pay scheme and loyalty bonus. To apply, please visit www.sanctuarygroup.co.uk to complete an online application or submit your CV and covering letter. For assistance please contact Recruitment on **** **** **** and quote Ref: SSL**** Closing Date: 5pm on 12 February 2013 Building Equality and Diversity We work closely with the Home Office in order to prevent illegal working. An enhanced police criminal records disclosure will be necessary in the event of a successful application which we will pay for. Sanctuary Supported Living is a trading name of Sanctuary Housing Association, an exempt charity." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00587.txt " Support Worker  Waking Nights" " 71335000" " Sanctuary Housing Association" " SUPPORT WORKER – WAKING NIGHTS ASHLEY COOPER HOUSE, **** HILLYARD STREET, BRIXTON **** TO **** PER HOUR (DEPENDENT ON QUALIFICATIONS) 40 HOURS PER WEEK INCLUDING WEEKENDS Ashley Cooper House is a care home for younger adults with physical and learning disabilities. Ensuring that residents receive the right level of care to meet their individual needs, you will establish positive relationships with residents and staff. Promoting safe working practices throughout the home you will also provide personal care and keep residents’ rooms and communal areas clean and tidy. With previous experience of working in a Learning and Physical Disabilities care environment, you will ideally be qualified or willing to work towards your NVQ / QCF Level 2 in Care. As well as strong support and involvement, you will also receive our excellent benefits package, which includes 28 days annual leave, pro rata (including bank holidays) and a sick pay scheme and loyalty bonus. To apply, please visit www.sanctuarygroup.co.uk to complete an online application or submit your CV and covering letter. For assistance please contact Recruitment on **** **** **** and quote Ref: SSL**** Closing Date: 5pm on 12 February 2013 Building Equality and Diversity We work closely with the Home Office in order to prevent illegal working. An enhanced police criminal records disclosure will be necessary in the event of a successful application which we will pay for. Sanctuary Supported Living is a trading name of Sanctuary Housing Association, an exempt charity." "['worker', 'nights', 'ashley', 'cooper', 'house', 'street', 'brixton', 'hour', 'dependent', 'qualifications', 'hours', 'week', 'weekends', 'ashley', 'cooper', 'house', 'younger', 'adults', 'physical', 'learning', 'disabilities', 'ensuring', 'residents', 'receive', 'level', 'meet', 'individual', 'establish', 'positive', 'relationships', 'residents', 'promoting', 'safe', 'practices', 'personal', 'residents', 'rooms', 'communal', 'areas', 'clean', 'tidy', 'previous', 'learning', 'physical', 'disabilities', 'environment', 'ideally', 'qualified', 'nvq', 'level', 'involvement', 'receive', 'benefits', 'package', 'includes', 'days', 'annual', 'leave', 'pro', 'rata', 'bank', 'holidays', 'sick', 'pay', 'scheme', 'loyalty', 'bonus', 'visit', 'www', 'complete', 'online', 'application', 'submit', 'cv', 'covering', 'letter', 'assistance', 'contact', 'quote', 'ref', 'closing', 'date', 'pm', 'february', 'building', 'equality', 'diversity', 'closely', 'office', 'order', 'prevent', 'illegal', 'enhanced', 'police', 'criminal', 'records', 'disclosure', 'event', 'application', 'pay', 'sanctuary', 'supported', 'living', 'trading', 'sanctuary', 'housing', 'association', 'exempt', 'charity']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Team Leader  Electronic Test Systems
Webindex: 72117596
Company: Zebra Technical Recruitment Ltd
Description: Pension Scheme, 25 days Holiday, Subsidised Healthcare, Excellent Benefits This global company designs and manufactures electromechanical products for use in extreme and harsh environments within the aerospace and defence sectors. You will lead the design and project management activities for a small area of a specific Test System. Accountabilities; Lead team/s that undertake the design, development and deployment of Automated Test Equipment Systems, Simulators and Field Support Equipment in order to Test a range of subassemblies and Systems from product development phases through to manufacturing test and trials Lead and Project manage the design, development and manufacture of Test systems. Develop and maintain the work plans and report progress. Working with Product Development and Manufacturing Teams on aspects of product Test Requirements, Testability, BIT [Build In Test], Test Access and Test Flow Work closely with Test Equipment Systems Architect and Test and Simulation Software Development teams in order to maximise efficiency by the design and implementation of Modular, Reusable Software Architectures and by the application of existing Test Hardware and Software Catalogue approaches The development of innovative and competitive Test Equipment Hardware and Software solutions and Test System Architectures You should have a good mix of the following skills and experience; Experience in a similar role, preferably obtained from within the Aerospace, Defence or Automotive industry Broad technical knowledge of Test System Architectural definitions encompassing Electronic, Mechanical and Software disciplines Technical lead for Test Equipment activities including future concepts and applied research. Team leading experience Detailed knowledge in more than one of the following domains is required: The design and development of manual, semiautomated and fully computerised ATE [Automatic Test Equipment] Subsystem/board electronic architecture definition from subsystem requirement inputs Design of Digital Electronics test solutions that include FPGA s and Microprocessors (e.g. Power PC, ARM) Design of Analogue, Baseband and RF test solutions Design of Power Electronics test solutions (e.g. PSU s Actuator drive circuitry) Test Strategy Development and Implementation. Instrumentation Integration Test Techniques: RF, Analogue, Digital, Optical, comms, incircuit test, functional test and ESS Familiarity or awareness of using or programming MS Visual C++, C, National Instruments CVI/LabView, MS Visual Basic, HP [RMB] / HT Basic and Test Executives eg Agilent TestExec SL and National Instruments Test Stand The use of CAE Design Tools, Schematic Editors (Zuken preferred) Writing Requirement and associated documents and the ability to provide succinct and accurate reports/presentations Understanding and working with COTS based solutions Microsoft Packages (Source Safe, Project, Excel, Word, Power Point etc.) Sub contract [Test House] negotiation, control and management For office use only: Hertfordshire, Essex, Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire, Milton Keynes, Hatfield, St Albans, Luton, Bedford, Harlow, Bishop s Stortford, Hitchin, Hemel Hempstead, Cambridge, Stevenage, Security Cleared, SC, electronics design, analogue, analog, digital, defence, defense, aerospace, Test Equipment Design Team Leader, Test Team Leader , ATE, Automatic Test Equipment, test equipment, electronics" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00016.txt " Team Leader  Electronic Test Systems" " 72117596" " Zebra Technical Recruitment Ltd" " Pension Scheme, 25 days Holiday, Subsidised Healthcare, Excellent Benefits This global company designs and manufactures electromechanical products for use in extreme and harsh environments within the aerospace and defence sectors. You will lead the design and project management activities for a small area of a specific Test System. Accountabilities; Lead team/s that undertake the design, development and deployment of Automated Test Equipment Systems, Simulators and Field Support Equipment in order to Test a range of subassemblies and Systems from product development phases through to manufacturing test and trials Lead and Project manage the design, development and manufacture of Test systems. Develop and maintain the work plans and report progress. Working with Product Development and Manufacturing Teams on aspects of product Test Requirements, Testability, BIT [Build In Test], Test Access and Test Flow Work closely with Test Equipment Systems Architect and Test and Simulation Software Development teams in order to maximise efficiency by the design and implementation of Modular, Reusable Software Architectures and by the application of existing Test Hardware and Software Catalogue approaches The development of innovative and competitive Test Equipment Hardware and Software solutions and Test System Architectures You should have a good mix of the following skills and experience; Experience in a similar role, preferably obtained from within the Aerospace, Defence or Automotive industry Broad technical knowledge of Test System Architectural definitions encompassing Electronic, Mechanical and Software disciplines Technical lead for Test Equipment activities including future concepts and applied research. Team leading experience Detailed knowledge in more than one of the following domains is required: The design and development of manual, semiautomated and fully computerised ATE [Automatic Test Equipment] Subsystem/board electronic architecture definition from subsystem requirement inputs Design of Digital Electronics test solutions that include FPGA s and Microprocessors (e.g. Power PC, ARM) Design of Analogue, Baseband and RF test solutions Design of Power Electronics test solutions (e.g. PSU s Actuator drive circuitry) Test Strategy Development and Implementation. Instrumentation Integration Test Techniques: RF, Analogue, Digital, Optical, comms, incircuit test, functional test and ESS Familiarity or awareness of using or programming MS Visual C++, C, National Instruments CVI/LabView, MS Visual Basic, HP [RMB] / HT Basic and Test Executives eg Agilent TestExec SL and National Instruments Test Stand The use of CAE Design Tools, Schematic Editors (Zuken preferred) Writing Requirement and associated documents and the ability to provide succinct and accurate reports/presentations Understanding and working with COTS based solutions Microsoft Packages (Source Safe, Project, Excel, Word, Power Point etc.) Sub contract [Test House] negotiation, control and management For office use only: Hertfordshire, Essex, Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire, Milton Keynes, Hatfield, St Albans, Luton, Bedford, Harlow, Bishop s Stortford, Hitchin, Hemel Hempstead, Cambridge, Stevenage, Security Cleared, SC, electronics design, analogue, analog, digital, defence, defense, aerospace, Test Equipment Design Team Leader, Test Team Leader , ATE, Automatic Test Equipment, test equipment, electronics" "['pension', 'scheme', 'days', 'holiday', 'subsidised', 'healthcare', 'benefits', 'global', 'designs', 'manufactures', 'electromechanical', 'products', 'harsh', 'environments', 'aerospace', 'defence', 'sectors', 'lead', 'project', 'activities', 'small', 'area', 'specific', 'test', 'system', 'accountabilities', 'lead', 'undertake', 'deployment', 'automated', 'test', 'equipment', 'field', 'equipment', 'order', 'test', 'range', 'product', 'phases', 'manufacturing', 'test', 'trials', 'lead', 'project', 'manage', 'manufacture', 'test', 'develop', 'maintain', 'plans', 'report', 'progress', 'product', 'manufacturing', 'teams', 'aspects', 'product', 'test', 'requirements', 'bit', 'build', 'test', 'test', 'access', 'test', 'flow', 'closely', 'test', 'equipment', 'architect', 'test', 'simulation', 'software', 'teams', 'order', 'maximise', 'efficiency', 'implementation', 'modular', 'software', 'architectures', 'application', 'existing', 'test', 'hardware', 'software', 'approaches', 'innovative', 'competitive', 'test', 'equipment', 'hardware', 'software', 'solutions', 'test', 'system', 'architectures', 'mix', 'similar', 'preferably', 'obtained', 'aerospace', 'defence', 'automotive', 'industry', 'broad', 'technical', 'test', 'system', 'architectural', 'encompassing', 'electronic', 'mechanical', 'software', 'disciplines', 'technical', 'lead', 'test', 'equipment', 'activities', 'future', 'concepts', 'applied', 'research', 'detailed', 'manual', 'semiautomated', 'fully', 'computerised', 'ate', 'automatic', 'test', 'equipment', 'subsystem', 'board', 'electronic', 'architecture', 'definition', 'subsystem', 'requirement', 'inputs', 'digital', 'electronics', 'test', 'solutions', 'include', 'fpga', 'power', 'pc', 'arm', 'analogue', 'baseband', 'rf', 'test', 'solutions', 'power', 'electronics', 'test', 'solutions', 'drive', 'circuitry', 'test', 'strategy', 'implementation', 'instrumentation', 'integration', 'test', 'techniques', 'rf', 'analogue', 'digital', 'optical', 'comms', 'test', 'functional', 'test', 'familiarity', 'awareness', 'programming', 'ms', 'visual', 'national', 'instruments', 'ms', 'visual', 'basic', 'hp', 'basic', 'test', 'executives', 'national', 'instruments', 'test', 'stand', 'cae', 'tools', 'schematic', 'editors', 'preferred', 'writing', 'requirement', 'documents', 'accurate', 'reports', 'presentations', 'understanding', 'solutions', 'microsoft', 'packages', 'source', 'safe', 'project', 'excel', 'word', 'power', 'point', 'contract', 'test', 'house', 'negotiation', 'control', 'office', 'hertfordshire', 'essex', 'bedfordshire', 'cambridgeshire', 'milton', 'keynes', 'hatfield', 'st', 'albans', 'luton', 'bedford', 'hitchin', 'hemel', 'hempstead', 'cambridge', 'stevenage', 'security', 'cleared', 'sc', 'electronics', 'analogue', 'analog', 'digital', 'defence', 'defense', 'aerospace', 'test', 'equipment', 'leader', 'test', 'leader', 'ate', 'automatic', 'test', 'equipment', 'test', 'equipment', 'electronics']" Engineering
"Title: Clinical Support Nurse/Medical Sales Executive
Webindex: 71340157
Description: Clinical Support Nurse/Medical Sales Executive  Surgical Products****k  15%  CarWest You will be a nurse with the desire to move into a more commercial roleExperience of working in theatres is highly preferredEnthusiastic and professional nurses are soughtYou will be consultative in your approach and be able to liaise with surgeons THE PACKAGE: ****k Basic Salary 15% BonusesFully Expensed Company CarMobile, Laptop, Pension, ****5 Days HolidaysBMS is a leading consultancy specialising in sales recruitment. Established in 1990, BMS has achieved a truly nationwide presence through a number of regional centres. The Midlands office in Coventry formally opened in **** and was introduced to service the needs of candidates and clients alike throughout the Midlands. BMS offers sales jobs for Trainees, Sales Representatives, Sales Executives, Sales Engineers, Area Sales Managers and Account Managers. Conveniently located just off junction 2 of the M6, we are committed to meeting all potentially suitable candidates face to face. Furthermore, our organisation consists of several highly focused teams, aimed at specific market sectors, enabling us to deliver a service directly tailored to your needs. Please visit our website at www.bmsuk.com or contact our specialist medical sales consultant Oliver Fox on **** ****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00687.txt " Clinical Support Nurse/Medical Sales Executive" " 71340157"  " Clinical Support Nurse/Medical Sales Executive  Surgical Products****k  15%  CarWest You will be a nurse with the desire to move into a more commercial roleExperience of working in theatres is highly preferredEnthusiastic and professional nurses are soughtYou will be consultative in your approach and be able to liaise with surgeons THE PACKAGE: ****k Basic Salary 15% BonusesFully Expensed Company CarMobile, Laptop, Pension, ****5 Days HolidaysBMS is a leading consultancy specialising in sales recruitment. Established in 1990, BMS has achieved a truly nationwide presence through a number of regional centres. The Midlands office in Coventry formally opened in **** and was introduced to service the needs of candidates and clients alike throughout the Midlands. BMS offers sales jobs for Trainees, Sales Representatives, Sales Executives, Sales Engineers, Area Sales Managers and Account Managers. Conveniently located just off junction 2 of the M6, we are committed to meeting all potentially suitable candidates face to face. Furthermore, our organisation consists of several highly focused teams, aimed at specific market sectors, enabling us to deliver a service directly tailored to your needs. Please visit our website at www.bmsuk.com or contact our specialist medical sales consultant Oliver Fox on **** ****" "['clinical', 'nurse', 'medical', 'executive', 'surgical', 'products', 'nurse', 'desire', 'move', 'commercial', 'theatres', 'highly', 'professional', 'nurses', 'consultative', 'approach', 'liaise', 'surgeons', 'package', 'basic', 'expensed', 'laptop', 'pension', 'days', 'consultancy', 'specialising', 'established', 'bms', 'achieved', 'nationwide', 'presence', 'number', 'regional', 'centres', 'midlands', 'office', 'coventry', 'opened', 'introduced', 'candidates', 'alike', 'midlands', 'bms', 'offers', 'jobs', 'trainees', 'representatives', 'executives', 'engineers', 'area', 'managers', 'account', 'managers', 'conveniently', 'located', 'junction', 'committed', 'meeting', 'potentially', 'suitable', 'candidates', 'face', 'face', 'organisation', 'consists', 'highly', 'focused', 'teams', 'aimed', 'specific', 'market', 'sectors', 'enabling', 'deliver', 'directly', 'tailored', 'visit', 'website', 'www', 'bmsuk', 'contact', 'specialist', 'medical', 'consultant', 'oliver', 'fox']" Sales
"Title: Personal Tax Executive
Webindex: 71291615
Company: Rutherford Briant
Description: Rutherford Briant are recruiting a Personal Tax Executive for this dynamic National Accountancy firm in Norwich. Our client have a strong and well deserved reputation for their tax clients and the quality of work that they produce. They offer a fantastic working culture and great career prospects. The role includes responsibility for a portfolio of clients, specific tax planning projects and coaching trainee team members. The role will also include communication with Managers and building client relationships. The successful candidate will be ATT or CTA qualified/ part qualified with 1 years  experience, who is willing to take accountability and go the extra mile. They will also have demonstrated effective time management and be a quick learner. The ideal candidate will be looking to progress their career in a leading accountancy firm. Rutherford Briant is the Leading Accountancy and H.R Recruitment Consultancy in East Anglia" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00328.txt " Personal Tax Executive" " 71291615" " Rutherford Briant" " Rutherford Briant are recruiting a Personal Tax Executive for this dynamic National Accountancy firm in Norwich. Our client have a strong and well deserved reputation for their tax clients and the quality of work that they produce. They offer a fantastic working culture and great career prospects. The role includes responsibility for a portfolio of clients, specific tax planning projects and coaching trainee team members. The role will also include communication with Managers and building client relationships. The successful candidate will be ATT or CTA qualified/ part qualified with 1 years  experience, who is willing to take accountability and go the extra mile. They will also have demonstrated effective time management and be a quick learner. The ideal candidate will be looking to progress their career in a leading accountancy firm. Rutherford Briant is the Leading Accountancy and H.R Recruitment Consultancy in East Anglia" "['rutherford', 'briant', 'recruiting', 'personal', 'tax', 'executive', 'dynamic', 'national', 'accountancy', 'firm', 'norwich', 'reputation', 'tax', 'quality', 'produce', 'offer', 'fantastic', 'culture', 'great', 'career', 'prospects', 'includes', 'responsibility', 'portfolio', 'specific', 'tax', 'planning', 'projects', 'coaching', 'trainee', 'members', 'include', 'communication', 'managers', 'building', 'relationships', 'att', 'cta', 'qualified', 'part', 'qualified', 'years', 'accountability', 'extra', 'mile', 'demonstrated', 'effective', 'time', 'quick', 'ideal', 'progress', 'career', 'accountancy', 'firm', 'rutherford', 'briant', 'accountancy', 'consultancy', 'east', 'anglia']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: B2B Telesales Advisor
Webindex: 71677705
Company: Adecco Group
Description: Adecco are currently working in partnership with a leading, specialist training provider in order to recruit for a highly motivated business to business sales professional to join the team. The role is based in the City centre of Glasgow within close distance to all major transport links. The successful candidate for this role must have a previous background within Business to Business sales within a highly commercial organisation. It would be beneficial to have come from either professional training, legal, education or from events. Due to the nature of the role, the successful candidate must also have the ability to initiate and develop very strong customer relationships as well as the confidence to negotiate to generate revenue. Your duties and responsibilities will include but are not limited to the following.  Negotiate the highest possible sales price  Provide comprehensive sales analysis to line management in order to continually improve sales process  Interact with and develop existing client relationships  Work towards strict KPI's targets and dead lines  Establish new business relationships Please apply for this role with your CV attached via the 'apply' link. Adecco are an equal opportunity employer.Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/B2BTelesalesAdvisor_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00666.txt " B2B Telesales Advisor" " 71677705" " Adecco Group" " Adecco are currently working in partnership with a leading, specialist training provider in order to recruit for a highly motivated business to business sales professional to join the team. The role is based in the City centre of Glasgow within close distance to all major transport links. The successful candidate for this role must have a previous background within Business to Business sales within a highly commercial organisation. It would be beneficial to have come from either professional training, legal, education or from events. Due to the nature of the role, the successful candidate must also have the ability to initiate and develop very strong customer relationships as well as the confidence to negotiate to generate revenue. Your duties and responsibilities will include but are not limited to the following.  Negotiate the highest possible sales price  Provide comprehensive sales analysis to line management in order to continually improve sales process  Interact with and develop existing client relationships  Work towards strict KPI's targets and dead lines  Establish new business relationships Please apply for this role with your CV attached via the 'apply' link. Adecco are an equal opportunity employer.Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/B2BTelesalesAdvisor_job****" "['adecco', 'partnership', 'specialist', 'provider', 'order', 'recruit', 'highly', 'motivated', 'professional', 'city', 'centre', 'glasgow', 'close', 'distance', 'major', 'transport', 'links', 'previous', 'background', 'highly', 'commercial', 'organisation', 'beneficial', 'professional', 'legal', 'education', 'events', 'due', 'nature', 'initiate', 'develop', 'relationships', 'confidence', 'negotiate', 'generate', 'revenue', 'duties', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'limited', 'negotiate', 'highest', 'price', 'comprehensive', 'analysis', 'line', 'order', 'continually', 'improve', 'process', 'interact', 'develop', 'existing', 'relationships', 'strict', ""kpi's"", 'targets', 'lines', 'establish', 'relationships', 'cv', 'attached', 'link', 'adecco', 'equal', 'employer', 'adecco', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'vacancy', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Management System Manager
Webindex: 69080837
Company: Coyle Personnel
Description: Purpose of the Job: To lead the development, implementation and maintenance of the Management System (CMS) to reflect the changing needs of the organisation. To ensure the CMS is an effective means of communicating the processes required to deliver. Principle Accountabilities: To develop, obtain agreement to, implement and maintain the Assurance Plan To review content of CMS to ensure all functions have appropriate documents to control their activities. To facilitate the development, implementation and maintenance of the Management System (CMS) such that the CMS reflects the integrated team s ways of working, supports implementation of the assurance plan, meets the requirements of ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and BS OHSAS 18001. The integrated team retains ISO 9001 certification.  To review procedures for effectiveness in delivering quality (ie the procedures will, if implemented, ensure we deliver on our Requirements) Liaise with Right First Time Manager on process improvement initiatives. To provide a commentary for inclusion in period and semi annual reports on the effectiveness of the management system. Carry out Management reviews of the CMS to satisfy ISO 9001. Take reasonable care of your own and others health and safety and of those who may be affected in the daytoday delivery of this role by taking personal responsibility for working to the Target Zero principles. Person Specification: Chartered member of Chartered Quality Institute or other relevant professional body. Educated to degree level in an engineering or construction related subject. Detailed knowledge of Quality Management System issues. Relevant experience in the successful implementation and management of Management Systems in the construction and/or rail industries. Strong practical knowledge and experience of the implementation and ongoing development of management systems, based on recognised standards such as ISO 9001. Knowledge understanding and/or experience of maturity model implementation is preferred" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00147.txt " Management System Manager" " 69080837" " Coyle Personnel" " Purpose of the Job: To lead the development, implementation and maintenance of the Management System (CMS) to reflect the changing needs of the organisation. To ensure the CMS is an effective means of communicating the processes required to deliver. Principle Accountabilities: To develop, obtain agreement to, implement and maintain the Assurance Plan To review content of CMS to ensure all functions have appropriate documents to control their activities. To facilitate the development, implementation and maintenance of the Management System (CMS) such that the CMS reflects the integrated team s ways of working, supports implementation of the assurance plan, meets the requirements of ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and BS OHSAS 18001. The integrated team retains ISO 9001 certification.  To review procedures for effectiveness in delivering quality (ie the procedures will, if implemented, ensure we deliver on our Requirements) Liaise with Right First Time Manager on process improvement initiatives. To provide a commentary for inclusion in period and semi annual reports on the effectiveness of the management system. Carry out Management reviews of the CMS to satisfy ISO 9001. Take reasonable care of your own and others health and safety and of those who may be affected in the daytoday delivery of this role by taking personal responsibility for working to the Target Zero principles. Person Specification: Chartered member of Chartered Quality Institute or other relevant professional body. Educated to degree level in an engineering or construction related subject. Detailed knowledge of Quality Management System issues. Relevant experience in the successful implementation and management of Management Systems in the construction and/or rail industries. Strong practical knowledge and experience of the implementation and ongoing development of management systems, based on recognised standards such as ISO 9001. Knowledge understanding and/or experience of maturity model implementation is preferred" "['purpose', 'lead', 'implementation', 'maintenance', 'system', 'cms', 'reflect', 'changing', 'organisation', 'cms', 'effective', 'means', 'communicating', 'processes', 'deliver', 'principle', 'accountabilities', 'develop', 'obtain', 'agreement', 'implement', 'maintain', 'assurance', 'plan', 'review', 'content', 'cms', 'functions', 'documents', 'control', 'activities', 'facilitate', 'implementation', 'maintenance', 'system', 'cms', 'cms', 'reflects', 'integrated', 'ways', 'supports', 'implementation', 'assurance', 'plan', 'meets', 'requirements', 'iso', 'iso', 'bs', 'ohsas', 'integrated', 'iso', 'certification', 'review', 'procedures', 'effectiveness', 'delivering', 'quality', 'procedures', 'implemented', 'deliver', 'requirements', 'liaise', 'time', 'process', 'improvement', 'initiatives', 'commentary', 'inclusion', 'period', 'semi', 'annual', 'reports', 'effectiveness', 'system', 'carry', 'reviews', 'cms', 'satisfy', 'iso', 'reasonable', 'health', 'safety', 'affected', 'daytoday', 'delivery', 'taking', 'personal', 'responsibility', 'target', 'principles', 'person', 'specification', 'chartered', 'member', 'chartered', 'quality', 'institute', 'relevant', 'professional', 'body', 'educated', 'degree', 'level', 'construction', 'related', 'subject', 'detailed', 'quality', 'system', 'issues', 'relevant', 'implementation', 'construction', 'rail', 'industries', 'practical', 'implementation', 'ongoing', 'recognised', 'standards', 'iso', 'understanding', 'model', 'implementation', 'preferred']" Engineering
"Title: Council Members, Nursing and Midwifery Council
Webindex: 68510120
Description: Nurses and midwives put the people they care for first. Will you? Council Members, Nursing and Midwifery Council Millions of people each year are cared for by the **** nurses and midwives registered with the Nursing and Midwifery Council. As a Council member for the NMC's governing body this will be your chance to play a part in our future development, ensuring nursing and midwifery regulation commands public confidence. We are seeking eleven high calibre Council members, including at least one person each from Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales, to contribute to our strategic direction, corporate governance and oversight of our regulatory performance. Whatever your background, you will be willing to commit your skills, energy and enthusiasm to strengthening nursing and midwifery regulation and putting patients first. Remuneration is **** a year plus expenses for around 3 days a month. For further information including how to apply, please visit www.nmccouncilappointments.com. For an informal confidential discussion please contact our advising consultants on [blocked telephone] . Closing date for applications is: noon 4 February 2013. Interviews will be held between 25 February and 6 March. Mae nyrsys a bydwragedd yn blaenoriaethu'r rhai sydd dan eu gofal. A fyddwch chi? Aelodau'r Cyngor, Y Cyngor Nyrsio a Bydwreigiaeth Mae miliynau o bobl yn derbyn gofal pob blwyddyn gan y 670,000 o nyrsys a bydwragedd sydd wedi eu cofrestru gyda'r Cyngor Nyrsio a Bydwreigiaeth. Fel aelod o'r Cyngor ar gyfer corff llywodraethu'r NMC, bydd hyn yn gyfle i chi chwarae rhan yn ein datblygiad yn y dyfodol, gan sicrhau fod rheoleiddio nyrsio a bydwreigiaeth yn sicr o hyder y cyhoedd. Rydym yn chwilio am **** o aelodau o ansawdd i'r Cyngor, yn cynnwys o leiaf un unigolyn o Ogledd Iwerddon, o'r Alban ac o Gymru, i gyfrannu i'n cyfeiriad strategol, llywodraethu corfforaethol a throsolwg o'n perfformiad rheoleiddiol. Beth bynnag yw'ch cefndir, byddwch yn fodlon ymroi eich sgiliau, ynni a brwdfrydedd i gryfhau rheoleiddio nyrsio a bydwreigiaeth a blaenoriaethu cleifion. Mae'r tl yn **** y flwyddyn a chostau am oddeutu 3 diwrnod y mis. Am ragor o wybodaeth yn cynnwys sut i ymgeisio, ewch i www.nmccouncilappointments.com. I gael trafodaeth gyfrinachol anffurfiol, cysylltwch 'n hymgynghorwyr cynghori ar [blocked telephone] . Y dyddiad cau ar gyfer ceisiadau yw: hanner dydd 4 Chwefror 2013. Cynhelir cyfweliadau rhwng 25 Chwefror a 6 Mawrth" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00448.txt " Council Members, Nursing and Midwifery Council" " 68510120"  " Nurses and midwives put the people they care for first. Will you? Council Members, Nursing and Midwifery Council Millions of people each year are cared for by the **** nurses and midwives registered with the Nursing and Midwifery Council. As a Council member for the NMC's governing body this will be your chance to play a part in our future development, ensuring nursing and midwifery regulation commands public confidence. We are seeking eleven high calibre Council members, including at least one person each from Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales, to contribute to our strategic direction, corporate governance and oversight of our regulatory performance. Whatever your background, you will be willing to commit your skills, energy and enthusiasm to strengthening nursing and midwifery regulation and putting patients first. Remuneration is **** a year plus expenses for around 3 days a month. For further information including how to apply, please visit www.nmccouncilappointments.com. For an informal confidential discussion please contact our advising consultants on [blocked telephone] . Closing date for applications is: noon 4 February 2013. Interviews will be held between 25 February and 6 March. Mae nyrsys a bydwragedd yn blaenoriaethu'r rhai sydd dan eu gofal. A fyddwch chi? Aelodau'r Cyngor, Y Cyngor Nyrsio a Bydwreigiaeth Mae miliynau o bobl yn derbyn gofal pob blwyddyn gan y 670,000 o nyrsys a bydwragedd sydd wedi eu cofrestru gyda'r Cyngor Nyrsio a Bydwreigiaeth. Fel aelod o'r Cyngor ar gyfer corff llywodraethu'r NMC, bydd hyn yn gyfle i chi chwarae rhan yn ein datblygiad yn y dyfodol, gan sicrhau fod rheoleiddio nyrsio a bydwreigiaeth yn sicr o hyder y cyhoedd. Rydym yn chwilio am **** o aelodau o ansawdd i'r Cyngor, yn cynnwys o leiaf un unigolyn o Ogledd Iwerddon, o'r Alban ac o Gymru, i gyfrannu i'n cyfeiriad strategol, llywodraethu corfforaethol a throsolwg o'n perfformiad rheoleiddiol. Beth bynnag yw'ch cefndir, byddwch yn fodlon ymroi eich sgiliau, ynni a brwdfrydedd i gryfhau rheoleiddio nyrsio a bydwreigiaeth a blaenoriaethu cleifion. Mae'r tl yn **** y flwyddyn a chostau am oddeutu 3 diwrnod y mis. Am ragor o wybodaeth yn cynnwys sut i ymgeisio, ewch i www.nmccouncilappointments.com. I gael trafodaeth gyfrinachol anffurfiol, cysylltwch 'n hymgynghorwyr cynghori ar [blocked telephone] . Y dyddiad cau ar gyfer ceisiadau yw: hanner dydd 4 Chwefror 2013. Cynhelir cyfweliadau rhwng 25 Chwefror a 6 Mawrth" "['nurses', 'midwives', 'put', 'people', 'council', 'members', 'nursing', 'midwifery', 'council', 'millions', 'people', 'year', 'cared', 'nurses', 'midwives', 'registered', 'nursing', 'midwifery', 'council', 'council', 'member', 'governing', 'body', 'chance', 'play', 'part', 'future', 'ensuring', 'nursing', 'midwifery', 'regulation', 'public', 'confidence', 'seeking', 'calibre', 'council', 'members', 'person', 'northern', 'ireland', 'scotland', 'wales', 'contribute', 'strategic', 'direction', 'corporate', 'governance', 'oversight', 'regulatory', 'performance', 'background', 'commit', 'energy', 'enthusiasm', 'strengthening', 'nursing', 'midwifery', 'regulation', 'putting', 'patients', 'remuneration', 'year', 'expenses', 'days', 'month', 'information', 'visit', 'www', 'nmccouncilappointments', 'informal', 'confidential', 'discussion', 'contact', 'advising', 'consultants', 'blocked', 'telephone', 'closing', 'date', 'applications', 'february', 'interviews', 'held', 'february', 'march', 'mae', 'nyrsys', 'bydwragedd', 'yn', 'sydd', 'dan', 'eu', 'gofal', 'chi', 'cyngor', 'cyngor', 'nyrsio', 'bydwreigiaeth', 'mae', 'yn', 'gofal', 'gan', 'nyrsys', 'bydwragedd', 'sydd', 'eu', 'cyngor', 'nyrsio', 'bydwreigiaeth', 'fel', ""o'r"", 'cyngor', 'ar', 'gyfer', 'nmc', 'yn', 'chi', 'rhan', 'yn', 'ein', 'yn', 'gan', 'rheoleiddio', 'nyrsio', 'bydwreigiaeth', 'yn', 'yn', 'cyngor', 'yn', 'cynnwys', ""o'r"", 'ac', 'yn', 'rheoleiddio', 'nyrsio', 'bydwreigiaeth', 'yn', 'mis', 'yn', 'cynnwys', 'www', 'nmccouncilappointments', 'ar', 'blocked', 'telephone', 'ar', 'gyfer', 'chwefror', 'chwefror']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: PROJECT MANAGER
Webindex: 70253135
Company: Anonymous Recruiter
Description: Vuture is one of the fastest growing Marketing Technology companies in the UK providing innovative solutions to a range of market verticals worldwide. We now require a new project manager to assist with our continuing international expansion who will be intelligent, experienced, ambitious with drive and determination. Working as part of the Vuture Projects team, you will be responsible for the project planning, coordination and execution across the range of Vuture Vx products (Web, Email, Survey, Print) whilst meeting client’s needs and exceeding their expectations. You will be responsible for the successful delivery of the full project life cycle from design to development and implementation, whilst maintaining responsibility for financial control. Previous working knowledge of Vx is essential and a fluent Spanish speaker is required in order to help develop relationships within the South American market. Reporting to the Projects Director, your key responsibilities will be to:  Take client briefs and create SOWs;  Develop effective project plans using Microsoft Projects and Bubble  Liaise with clients on a regular basis in order to ensure agreed milestones are met, and project is delivered on time and to budget ;  Provide weekly reports on status of all projects, flagging up any potential delays;  Organise Design and Development teams in order to coordinate project tasks and custom functionality;  Coordinate work for testing / liaise with Support team on status of support tickets;  Train users and clients on the range of Vx products;  Offer client advice and consultation on best practice across the range of Vx products;  Work with Marketing team to support the development of South American market Skills Experience :  At least 3 years previous Project Management experience in a similar role;  Experience of Microsoft Projects / Bubble software;  Practical working knowledge of the range of Vx software (Web, Email, Survey, Print);  Fluent Spanish required;  Experience of Adobe Indesign, Fireworks Photoshop programs advantageous;  Ability to manage and prioritise a complex and varied workload;  Excellent communication and presentation skills including the ability to communicate effectively with a wide range of client audiences. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PROJECTMANAGER_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00321.txt " PROJECT MANAGER" " 70253135" " Anonymous Recruiter" " Vuture is one of the fastest growing Marketing Technology companies in the UK providing innovative solutions to a range of market verticals worldwide. We now require a new project manager to assist with our continuing international expansion who will be intelligent, experienced, ambitious with drive and determination. Working as part of the Vuture Projects team, you will be responsible for the project planning, coordination and execution across the range of Vuture Vx products (Web, Email, Survey, Print) whilst meeting client’s needs and exceeding their expectations. You will be responsible for the successful delivery of the full project life cycle from design to development and implementation, whilst maintaining responsibility for financial control. Previous working knowledge of Vx is essential and a fluent Spanish speaker is required in order to help develop relationships within the South American market. Reporting to the Projects Director, your key responsibilities will be to:  Take client briefs and create SOWs;  Develop effective project plans using Microsoft Projects and Bubble  Liaise with clients on a regular basis in order to ensure agreed milestones are met, and project is delivered on time and to budget ;  Provide weekly reports on status of all projects, flagging up any potential delays;  Organise Design and Development teams in order to coordinate project tasks and custom functionality;  Coordinate work for testing / liaise with Support team on status of support tickets;  Train users and clients on the range of Vx products;  Offer client advice and consultation on best practice across the range of Vx products;  Work with Marketing team to support the development of South American market Skills Experience :  At least 3 years previous Project Management experience in a similar role;  Experience of Microsoft Projects / Bubble software;  Practical working knowledge of the range of Vx software (Web, Email, Survey, Print);  Fluent Spanish required;  Experience of Adobe Indesign, Fireworks Photoshop programs advantageous;  Ability to manage and prioritise a complex and varied workload;  Excellent communication and presentation skills including the ability to communicate effectively with a wide range of client audiences. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PROJECTMANAGER_job****" "['vuture', 'fastest', 'growing', 'marketing', 'technology', 'companies', 'providing', 'innovative', 'solutions', 'range', 'market', 'worldwide', 'require', 'project', 'assist', 'continuing', 'international', 'expansion', 'intelligent', 'experienced', 'ambitious', 'drive', 'determination', 'part', 'vuture', 'projects', 'responsible', 'project', 'planning', 'coordination', 'execution', 'range', 'vuture', 'vx', 'products', 'web', 'email', 'survey', 'print', 'whilst', 'meeting', 'exceeding', 'expectations', 'responsible', 'delivery', 'project', 'life', 'cycle', 'implementation', 'whilst', 'maintaining', 'responsibility', 'control', 'previous', 'vx', 'essential', 'fluent', 'spanish', 'speaker', 'order', 'develop', 'relationships', 'south', 'american', 'market', 'reporting', 'projects', 'director', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'briefs', 'create', 'develop', 'effective', 'project', 'plans', 'microsoft', 'projects', 'bubble', 'liaise', 'regular', 'basis', 'order', 'agreed', 'milestones', 'met', 'project', 'delivered', 'time', 'budget', 'weekly', 'reports', 'status', 'projects', 'potential', 'delays', 'organise', 'teams', 'order', 'coordinate', 'project', 'tasks', 'custom', 'functionality', 'coordinate', 'testing', 'liaise', 'status', 'tickets', 'train', 'users', 'range', 'vx', 'products', 'offer', 'advice', 'consultation', 'practice', 'range', 'vx', 'products', 'marketing', 'south', 'american', 'market', 'years', 'previous', 'project', 'similar', 'microsoft', 'projects', 'bubble', 'software', 'practical', 'range', 'vx', 'software', 'web', 'email', 'survey', 'print', 'fluent', 'spanish', 'adobe', 'indesign', 'photoshop', 'programs', 'advantageous', 'manage', 'prioritise', 'complex', 'varied', 'workload', 'communication', 'presentation', 'communicate', 'effectively', 'wide', 'range', 'audiences', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Field Service Engineer (Mechanical / Electrical / Pumps)
Webindex: 69082575
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment
Description: Field Service Engineer (Mechanical / Electrical / Pumps) Harrogate, North Yorkshire ****p/a  Company car  expenses  Pension  Company benefits Are you a multiskilled Engineer looking to work for an O.E.M as a Field Service Engineer covering your local area? On offer is a permanent field based role working from home, with a company car, expenses and mileage covered. This is an opportunity to work with a specialist OEM in the pump industry and gain extensive experience providing maintenance and support to ensure outstanding products and services. The company are committed to growth with fantastic career development opportunities within the group. They also have an exceptional development programme with modular learning in internal and external training programmes. Your career will be in safe hands as you are regularly reviewed and your development goals are explored and realised. This is an excellent opportunity to work from home with nearly limitless opportunity for technical development. The role:  80% Mechanical  rotating equipment, vacuum and compressed air  ****0% Electrical  PLC fault finding  will provide basic training courses  Fault find, Stripping down, repairing of manufacturers pumps  Based from home  covering up to 2 hours The Person:  80% Mechanical, 20% Electrical biased Maintenance/ Service Engineer  Experience maintaining and servicing Vacuum Pumps  Monday to Friday, Days  Drivers licence Engineer, technical, mechanical, electrical, pumps, vacuum, field service, Harrogate, installations, commissioning, maintenance, contract, plant, vacuum, Wetherby, Collingham, York. Please send all CV s and applications or alternatively call (Apply online only) If you are interested in this position, and have the relevant experience then please send your CV . Visit our website at (url removed)" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00223.txt " Field Service Engineer (Mechanical / Electrical / Pumps)" " 69082575" " Rise Technical Recruitment" " Field Service Engineer (Mechanical / Electrical / Pumps) Harrogate, North Yorkshire ****p/a  Company car  expenses  Pension  Company benefits Are you a multiskilled Engineer looking to work for an O.E.M as a Field Service Engineer covering your local area? On offer is a permanent field based role working from home, with a company car, expenses and mileage covered. This is an opportunity to work with a specialist OEM in the pump industry and gain extensive experience providing maintenance and support to ensure outstanding products and services. The company are committed to growth with fantastic career development opportunities within the group. They also have an exceptional development programme with modular learning in internal and external training programmes. Your career will be in safe hands as you are regularly reviewed and your development goals are explored and realised. This is an excellent opportunity to work from home with nearly limitless opportunity for technical development. The role:  80% Mechanical  rotating equipment, vacuum and compressed air  ****0% Electrical  PLC fault finding  will provide basic training courses  Fault find, Stripping down, repairing of manufacturers pumps  Based from home  covering up to 2 hours The Person:  80% Mechanical, 20% Electrical biased Maintenance/ Service Engineer  Experience maintaining and servicing Vacuum Pumps  Monday to Friday, Days  Drivers licence Engineer, technical, mechanical, electrical, pumps, vacuum, field service, Harrogate, installations, commissioning, maintenance, contract, plant, vacuum, Wetherby, Collingham, York. Please send all CV s and applications or alternatively call (Apply online only) If you are interested in this position, and have the relevant experience then please send your CV . Visit our website at (url removed)" "['field', 'mechanical', 'electrical', 'pumps', 'harrogate', 'north', 'yorkshire', 'car', 'expenses', 'pension', 'benefits', 'multiskilled', 'field', 'covering', 'local', 'area', 'offer', 'permanent', 'field', 'car', 'expenses', 'mileage', 'covered', 'specialist', 'oem', 'pump', 'industry', 'gain', 'extensive', 'providing', 'maintenance', 'outstanding', 'products', 'committed', 'growth', 'fantastic', 'career', 'opportunities', 'group', 'exceptional', 'programme', 'modular', 'learning', 'internal', 'external', 'programmes', 'career', 'safe', 'hands', 'regularly', 'reviewed', 'goals', 'explored', 'realised', 'technical', 'mechanical', 'rotating', 'equipment', 'vacuum', 'compressed', 'air', 'electrical', 'plc', 'fault', 'finding', 'basic', 'courses', 'fault', 'find', 'repairing', 'manufacturers', 'pumps', 'covering', 'hours', 'person', 'mechanical', 'electrical', 'biased', 'maintenance', 'maintaining', 'servicing', 'vacuum', 'pumps', 'monday', 'friday', 'days', 'drivers', 'licence', 'technical', 'mechanical', 'electrical', 'pumps', 'vacuum', 'field', 'harrogate', 'installations', 'commissioning', 'maintenance', 'contract', 'plant', 'vacuum', 'york', 'send', 'cv', 'applications', 'alternatively', 'call', 'online', 'interested', 'relevant', 'send', 'cv', 'visit', 'website', 'url', 'removed']" Engineering
"Title: Finance Administration
Webindex: 70758181
Company: Blue Arrow
Description: Finance Administrator (Doncaster) Temp This is an excellent role working for one of our clients supporting the accounts department. The ideal candidate should have sales ledger experience. The following duties are required: To process all aspects of ledger activity. Processing of Purchase Orders / Sales Invoices. Includes processing of Supplier Emergency / Same Day payments where necessary. Resolution of purchase ledger queries via site rejection log. Provision of accounting, administration support and month end procedures to Sales Ledger and Purchase Ledger Supervisors. Liaising with Transport and Operations on a regular basis in order to collate required information. Finance Reconciliations, using debits and credits. Inputting cost and revenue into site P Blue Arrow is one of the UK s largest recruitment businesses, dedicated to providing bespoke staffing solutions through a network of specialist branches and onsite locations. For over 50 years, our priority has been to work in partnership with our clients and candidates to secure longterm relationships. Blue Arrow provides an extended range of permanent and temporary recruitment services to a variety of public and private sector clients in the following areas: Catering and Hospitality Secretarial and Admin Driving Industrial and Manufacturing Distribution and Warehousing" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00411.txt " Finance Administration" " 70758181" " Blue Arrow" " Finance Administrator (Doncaster) Temp This is an excellent role working for one of our clients supporting the accounts department. The ideal candidate should have sales ledger experience. The following duties are required: To process all aspects of ledger activity. Processing of Purchase Orders / Sales Invoices. Includes processing of Supplier Emergency / Same Day payments where necessary. Resolution of purchase ledger queries via site rejection log. Provision of accounting, administration support and month end procedures to Sales Ledger and Purchase Ledger Supervisors. Liaising with Transport and Operations on a regular basis in order to collate required information. Finance Reconciliations, using debits and credits. Inputting cost and revenue into site P Blue Arrow is one of the UK s largest recruitment businesses, dedicated to providing bespoke staffing solutions through a network of specialist branches and onsite locations. For over 50 years, our priority has been to work in partnership with our clients and candidates to secure longterm relationships. Blue Arrow provides an extended range of permanent and temporary recruitment services to a variety of public and private sector clients in the following areas: Catering and Hospitality Secretarial and Admin Driving Industrial and Manufacturing Distribution and Warehousing" "['finance', 'administrator', 'doncaster', 'temp', 'supporting', 'accounts', 'department', 'ideal', 'ledger', 'duties', 'process', 'aspects', 'ledger', 'activity', 'processing', 'purchase', 'orders', 'invoices', 'includes', 'processing', 'supplier', 'emergency', 'day', 'payments', 'resolution', 'purchase', 'ledger', 'queries', 'site', 'rejection', 'log', 'provision', 'accounting', 'administration', 'month', 'end', 'procedures', 'ledger', 'purchase', 'ledger', 'supervisors', 'liaising', 'transport', 'operations', 'regular', 'basis', 'order', 'information', 'finance', 'reconciliations', 'debits', 'credits', 'cost', 'revenue', 'site', 'blue', 'arrow', 'largest', 'businesses', 'dedicated', 'providing', 'bespoke', 'staffing', 'solutions', 'network', 'specialist', 'branches', 'onsite', 'locations', 'years', 'priority', 'partnership', 'candidates', 'secure', 'longterm', 'relationships', 'blue', 'arrow', 'extended', 'range', 'permanent', 'temporary', 'variety', 'public', 'private', 'sector', 'areas', 'catering', 'hospitality', 'secretarial', 'admin', 'driving', 'industrial', 'manufacturing', 'distribution', 'warehousing']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: FP&A  Blue Chip
Webindex: 68802053
Company: Hays Senior Finance
Description: A market leading retail business is going through rapid growth and, due to this expansion, is looking to add a Financial Planning Analyst to its central team based in central London. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a newly created team driving forward the financial planning and analysis for the group. Reporting directly to the Head of FP assist in revenue analysis (by product, channel, region). Provide commercial input and review of business cases, presenting proposals for approval. Work with the business to develop the endtoend planning cycle and processes. Lead the regional planning processes to ensure completeness for all key business channels and products. Provide finance support to the **** year strategic plan In addition, you will work globally with the business regions to develop the capital investment plan. To join this forward thinking business you must be a confident qualified Analyst (ACA or CIMA) with excellent interpersonal and communicational skills. If this role is of interest to you and you feel you have the relevant skills please call me on **** This role will look at candidates straight from Big 4 audit firms so do apply if interested Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00232.txt " FP&A  Blue Chip" " 68802053" " Hays Senior Finance" " A market leading retail business is going through rapid growth and, due to this expansion, is looking to add a Financial Planning Analyst to its central team based in central London. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a newly created team driving forward the financial planning and analysis for the group. Reporting directly to the Head of FP assist in revenue analysis (by product, channel, region). Provide commercial input and review of business cases, presenting proposals for approval. Work with the business to develop the endtoend planning cycle and processes. Lead the regional planning processes to ensure completeness for all key business channels and products. Provide finance support to the **** year strategic plan In addition, you will work globally with the business regions to develop the capital investment plan. To join this forward thinking business you must be a confident qualified Analyst (ACA or CIMA) with excellent interpersonal and communicational skills. If this role is of interest to you and you feel you have the relevant skills please call me on **** This role will look at candidates straight from Big 4 audit firms so do apply if interested Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk" "['market', 'retail', 'rapid', 'growth', 'due', 'expansion', 'add', 'planning', 'analyst', 'central', 'central', 'london', 'fantastic', 'newly', 'created', 'driving', 'forward', 'planning', 'analysis', 'group', 'reporting', 'directly', 'head', 'fp', 'assist', 'revenue', 'analysis', 'product', 'channel', 'region', 'commercial', 'input', 'review', 'cases', 'presenting', 'proposals', 'approval', 'develop', 'endtoend', 'planning', 'cycle', 'processes', 'lead', 'regional', 'planning', 'processes', 'completeness', 'key', 'channels', 'products', 'finance', 'year', 'strategic', 'plan', 'addition', 'globally', 'regions', 'develop', 'capital', 'investment', 'plan', 'forward', 'thinking', 'confident', 'qualified', 'analyst', 'aca', 'cima', 'interpersonal', 'interest', 'feel', 'relevant', 'call', 'candidates', 'straight', 'big', 'audit', 'firms', 'interested', 'hays', 'specialist', 'limited', 'acts', 'employment', 'agency', 'permanent', 'employment', 'supply', 'temporary', 'workers', 'applying', 'accept', 'privacy', 'policy', 'disclaimers', 'found', 'hays']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Project Accountant
Webindex: 67098815
Company: Sheridan Maine
Description: Sheridan Maine are actively seeking a strong project accountant for a short term contract position. You will take responsibility for a portfolio of contracts and work closely with contract managers to routinely challenge numbers and provide financial support to relevant bids as required. The role will involve the completion of balance sheet reviews, preparation of cash forecasts including working capital analysis and WIP calculations and presentation of information such as forecasts and budgets to support the production of management accounts. In order to be considered for this role you will be a qualified accountant (ACCA/ACA/CIMA) with a proven track record of project accounting for long term contracts. You will be commercially astute in order to raise awareness in relation to costs, risk and margins and business opportunities. SM – Emp Bus Candidates must be eligible to work in the UK full time without restriction. Due to the high volume of applications we receive it is not always possible to respond to unsuccessful applicants. Therefore if we have not responded to your application within five days please note that on this occasion your application has not been successful." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00278.txt " Project Accountant" " 67098815" " Sheridan Maine" " Sheridan Maine are actively seeking a strong project accountant for a short term contract position. You will take responsibility for a portfolio of contracts and work closely with contract managers to routinely challenge numbers and provide financial support to relevant bids as required. The role will involve the completion of balance sheet reviews, preparation of cash forecasts including working capital analysis and WIP calculations and presentation of information such as forecasts and budgets to support the production of management accounts. In order to be considered for this role you will be a qualified accountant (ACCA/ACA/CIMA) with a proven track record of project accounting for long term contracts. You will be commercially astute in order to raise awareness in relation to costs, risk and margins and business opportunities. SM – Emp Bus Candidates must be eligible to work in the UK full time without restriction. Due to the high volume of applications we receive it is not always possible to respond to unsuccessful applicants. Therefore if we have not responded to your application within five days please note that on this occasion your application has not been successful." "['sheridan', 'maine', 'actively', 'seeking', 'project', 'accountant', 'short', 'term', 'contract', 'responsibility', 'portfolio', 'contracts', 'closely', 'contract', 'managers', 'routinely', 'challenge', 'numbers', 'relevant', 'bids', 'involve', 'completion', 'balance', 'sheet', 'reviews', 'preparation', 'cash', 'forecasts', 'capital', 'analysis', 'wip', 'calculations', 'presentation', 'information', 'forecasts', 'budgets', 'production', 'accounts', 'order', 'considered', 'qualified', 'accountant', 'acca', 'aca', 'cima', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'project', 'accounting', 'long', 'term', 'contracts', 'commercially', 'astute', 'order', 'raise', 'awareness', 'relation', 'costs', 'risk', 'margins', 'opportunities', 'sm', 'bus', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'time', 'restriction', 'due', 'volume', 'applications', 'receive', 'respond', 'unsuccessful', 'applicants', 'responded', 'application', 'days', 'note', 'occasion', 'application']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Assistant Motor Underwriter
Webindex: 72421706
Company: Hillman Saunders
Description: Our client a well known Underwriter based in Kent seeks an experienced individual to join the Motor underwriting team as an Assistant Underwriter supporting the Class Underwriter. The job role will include preparation of renewals including scheme business, underwriting, pricing and negotiation of renewals, support the Underwriting teams KPI s for workflow including technical queries with regards to referrals Review, underwrite, price and negotiate new business enquiries for both wholesale and direct distribution channels. The ideal candidate will have motor underwriting experience, fleet experience is not essential, You will be a team player but with the ability to use own initiative. Ability to communicate and negotiate effectively Hillman Saunders are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00403.txt " Assistant Motor Underwriter" " 72421706" " Hillman Saunders" " Our client a well known Underwriter based in Kent seeks an experienced individual to join the Motor underwriting team as an Assistant Underwriter supporting the Class Underwriter. The job role will include preparation of renewals including scheme business, underwriting, pricing and negotiation of renewals, support the Underwriting teams KPI s for workflow including technical queries with regards to referrals Review, underwrite, price and negotiate new business enquiries for both wholesale and direct distribution channels. The ideal candidate will have motor underwriting experience, fleet experience is not essential, You will be a team player but with the ability to use own initiative. Ability to communicate and negotiate effectively Hillman Saunders are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business." "['underwriter', 'kent', 'seeks', 'experienced', 'individual', 'motor', 'underwriting', 'assistant', 'underwriter', 'supporting', 'class', 'underwriter', 'include', 'preparation', 'renewals', 'scheme', 'underwriting', 'pricing', 'negotiation', 'renewals', 'underwriting', 'teams', 'kpi', 'workflow', 'technical', 'queries', 'referrals', 'review', 'price', 'negotiate', 'enquiries', 'wholesale', 'direct', 'distribution', 'channels', 'ideal', 'motor', 'underwriting', 'fleet', 'essential', 'player', 'initiative', 'communicate', 'negotiate', 'effectively', 'hillman', 'saunders', 'committed', 'promoting', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'people', 'age', 'gender', 'religion', 'belief', 'race', 'sexuality', 'disability', 'operate', 'employment', 'agency', 'employment']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: FOSTER CARER
Webindex: 72287638
Company: eRecruit Solutions Ltd
Description: A Foster Carer is sought to join this organisation in Kent to provide a safe and secure family home for children and young people in the care system. Fostering is a highly demanding but extremely rewarding path to take. As a Foster Carer you will act as a “parent” to the child in your care. You will provide a nurturing and welcoming family environment through which a fostered child or young person can flourish and reach their full potential. This organisation is a wellestablished, independent fostering agency which has been working with local authorities for over 21 years. They are now looking for Foster Carers who are prepared to take other people’s children into their home, being responsible for them twentyfour/seven. Title: Foster Carer Location: Kent and surrounding areas Salary: **** per week (more for complex / special needs placements) Benefits: Extensive benefits package, including 2 weeks paid respite, plus additional payments for birthdays, Christmas, pocket money and clothing Foster Carers must possess the following: •At least one spare room •A real passion for fostering a child •No major convictions (driving offences are acceptable) •The time and dedication to provide for a child 24/**** •At least one application should be available full time if applying as a couple As a Foster Carer, you will benefit from the following: •A generous and industry competitive fostering allowance for each child in your care •A dedicated Social Worker to provide you with onetoone support when you need it •Ongoing training to widen your professional Foster Care portfolio •Local carer and child activities •Support from a professional and dedicated team 24 hours a day, 7 days a week The successful Foster Carer can look forward to an extremely rewarding career with full support from the organisation along the way. Please click to apply for the opportunity to become a Foster Carer in Kent If the details shown on your CV match our client's requirements, we will provide our client with your full details so that they can judge whether you may be suitable for the opportunity advertised. Your details, as submitted by you, will only be used in relation to this specific opportunity. By applying to this advert and submitting your CV and/or cover letter to us, you give express consent to us using your details for this purpose. eRecruit Solutions is a flat fee online recruitment company, who actively recruit for the following roles: Child Care, Social Work, Foster Carer, Child Support, Social Care, Residential Carer, Youth Worker, Foster Parent in Kent and surrounding areas Ref: FBK****A" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00619.txt " FOSTER CARER" " 72287638" " eRecruit Solutions Ltd" " A Foster Carer is sought to join this organisation in Kent to provide a safe and secure family home for children and young people in the care system. Fostering is a highly demanding but extremely rewarding path to take. As a Foster Carer you will act as a “parent” to the child in your care. You will provide a nurturing and welcoming family environment through which a fostered child or young person can flourish and reach their full potential. This organisation is a wellestablished, independent fostering agency which has been working with local authorities for over 21 years. They are now looking for Foster Carers who are prepared to take other people’s children into their home, being responsible for them twentyfour/seven. Title: Foster Carer Location: Kent and surrounding areas Salary: **** per week (more for complex / special needs placements) Benefits: Extensive benefits package, including 2 weeks paid respite, plus additional payments for birthdays, Christmas, pocket money and clothing Foster Carers must possess the following: •At least one spare room •A real passion for fostering a child •No major convictions (driving offences are acceptable) •The time and dedication to provide for a child 24/**** •At least one application should be available full time if applying as a couple As a Foster Carer, you will benefit from the following: •A generous and industry competitive fostering allowance for each child in your care •A dedicated Social Worker to provide you with onetoone support when you need it •Ongoing training to widen your professional Foster Care portfolio •Local carer and child activities •Support from a professional and dedicated team 24 hours a day, 7 days a week The successful Foster Carer can look forward to an extremely rewarding career with full support from the organisation along the way. Please click to apply for the opportunity to become a Foster Carer in Kent If the details shown on your CV match our client's requirements, we will provide our client with your full details so that they can judge whether you may be suitable for the opportunity advertised. Your details, as submitted by you, will only be used in relation to this specific opportunity. By applying to this advert and submitting your CV and/or cover letter to us, you give express consent to us using your details for this purpose. eRecruit Solutions is a flat fee online recruitment company, who actively recruit for the following roles: Child Care, Social Work, Foster Carer, Child Support, Social Care, Residential Carer, Youth Worker, Foster Parent in Kent and surrounding areas Ref: FBK****A" "['foster', 'carer', 'sought', 'organisation', 'kent', 'safe', 'secure', 'family', 'children', 'young', 'people', 'system', 'fostering', 'highly', 'demanding', 'extremely', 'rewarding', 'path', 'foster', 'carer', 'act', 'parent', 'child', 'nurturing', 'welcoming', 'family', 'environment', 'child', 'young', 'person', 'flourish', 'reach', 'potential', 'organisation', 'wellestablished', 'independent', 'fostering', 'agency', 'local', 'authorities', 'years', 'foster', 'carers', 'prepared', 'people', 'children', 'responsible', 'twentyfour', 'title', 'foster', 'carer', 'location', 'kent', 'surrounding', 'areas', 'week', 'complex', 'special', 'placements', 'benefits', 'extensive', 'benefits', 'package', 'weeks', 'paid', 'respite', 'additional', 'payments', 'birthdays', 'christmas', 'money', 'clothing', 'foster', 'carers', 'possess', 'spare', 'room', 'real', 'passion', 'fostering', 'child', 'major', 'driving', 'acceptable', 'time', 'dedication', 'child', 'application', 'time', 'applying', 'couple', 'foster', 'carer', 'benefit', 'generous', 'industry', 'competitive', 'fostering', 'allowance', 'child', 'dedicated', 'social', 'worker', 'ongoing', 'professional', 'foster', 'portfolio', 'local', 'carer', 'child', 'activities', 'professional', 'dedicated', 'hours', 'day', 'days', 'week', 'foster', 'carer', 'forward', 'extremely', 'rewarding', 'career', 'organisation', 'click', 'foster', 'carer', 'kent', 'details', 'shown', 'cv', 'match', ""client's"", 'requirements', 'details', 'suitable', 'advertised', 'details', 'submitted', 'relation', 'specific', 'applying', 'advert', 'submitting', 'cv', 'cover', 'letter', 'give', 'express', 'consent', 'details', 'purpose', 'solutions', 'flat', 'fee', 'online', 'actively', 'recruit', 'roles', 'child', 'social', 'foster', 'carer', 'child', 'social', 'residential', 'carer', 'worker', 'foster', 'parent', 'kent', 'surrounding', 'areas', 'ref']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Registered General Nurse/RGN
Webindex: 66747476
Company: Saint Martins Care Ltd
Description: Willow Green Care Home on Eastbourse Road in Darlington is seeking a Senior Nurse to manage our Nursing Unit, we also have openigs for Registered General Nurses to assist in the running of the unit. The role requires the candidate to be enthusiastic and commited to taking to our unit forward. Experience in working within a care home is preferred but not essential. Candidates must possess an up to date PIN number. Wage negotiable depending on experience." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00616.txt " Registered General Nurse/RGN" " 66747476" " Saint Martins Care Ltd" " Willow Green Care Home on Eastbourse Road in Darlington is seeking a Senior Nurse to manage our Nursing Unit, we also have openigs for Registered General Nurses to assist in the running of the unit. The role requires the candidate to be enthusiastic and commited to taking to our unit forward. Experience in working within a care home is preferred but not essential. Candidates must possess an up to date PIN number. Wage negotiable depending on experience." "['green', 'road', 'darlington', 'seeking', 'senior', 'nurse', 'manage', 'nursing', 'unit', 'registered', 'general', 'nurses', 'assist', 'running', 'unit', 'requires', 'enthusiastic', 'commited', 'taking', 'unit', 'forward', 'preferred', 'essential', 'candidates', 'possess', 'date', 'pin', 'number', 'wage', 'negotiable', 'depending']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Head Office Accountant (Berks/Paddington)
Webindex: 71838397
Company: Holden Jones Financial Recruitment
Description: This role is currently based in Berkshire but will be relocating to Paddington by the end of this year  therefore you must be prepared to undertake this journey. You will be responsible for delivering group management information to senior individuals including the Board, internal monthly management information, preparation of the Group consolidated accounts and maintenance and development of best practice of these areas. You will also be involved in assisting with the statutory reports, balance sheet reconciliations, review of the fixed assets register and completion of the National Statistics Returns. There is also an element of exposure to the Group treasury function so experience in this area would prove useful. You will be a key point of contact for both internal and external auditors and therefore prior exposure within an audit background would be an advantage. You must be degree educated, fully qualified, preferably from a leading Practice with more recent exposure in a similar function. Experience of Oracle or Hyperion is an advantage." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00339.txt " Head Office Accountant (Berks/Paddington)" " 71838397" " Holden Jones Financial Recruitment" " This role is currently based in Berkshire but will be relocating to Paddington by the end of this year  therefore you must be prepared to undertake this journey. You will be responsible for delivering group management information to senior individuals including the Board, internal monthly management information, preparation of the Group consolidated accounts and maintenance and development of best practice of these areas. You will also be involved in assisting with the statutory reports, balance sheet reconciliations, review of the fixed assets register and completion of the National Statistics Returns. There is also an element of exposure to the Group treasury function so experience in this area would prove useful. You will be a key point of contact for both internal and external auditors and therefore prior exposure within an audit background would be an advantage. You must be degree educated, fully qualified, preferably from a leading Practice with more recent exposure in a similar function. Experience of Oracle or Hyperion is an advantage." "['berkshire', 'paddington', 'end', 'year', 'prepared', 'undertake', 'journey', 'responsible', 'delivering', 'group', 'information', 'senior', 'individuals', 'board', 'internal', 'monthly', 'information', 'preparation', 'group', 'consolidated', 'accounts', 'maintenance', 'practice', 'areas', 'involved', 'assisting', 'statutory', 'reports', 'balance', 'sheet', 'reconciliations', 'review', 'fixed', 'assets', 'register', 'completion', 'national', 'statistics', 'returns', 'element', 'exposure', 'group', 'treasury', 'function', 'area', 'prove', 'key', 'point', 'contact', 'internal', 'external', 'auditors', 'prior', 'exposure', 'audit', 'background', 'advantage', 'degree', 'educated', 'fully', 'qualified', 'preferably', 'practice', 'recent', 'exposure', 'similar', 'function', 'oracle', 'hyperion', 'advantage']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Accountancy Apprentice
Webindex: 72239537
Company: Accounting Academy Partnership
Description: A fantastic opportunity has arisen to work as an accounts / apprentice with a successful company that provides a variety of essential services to Schools, Academies and Colleges. The role will involve working at four locations (one location a day for four days) and assisting with financial services within the schools. Responsibilities:  Use data management systems to input data and manage data management systems as required  Comply with Schools Financial Regulations and Standing Orders  Raise purchase orders ensuring the correct cost centre is selected  Ensure correct authorisation is obtained before the purchase order is released  Ensure that all relevant documentation related to payment of invoices is accurate and attached before payment is made, such as purchase orders and delivery notes  Process Invoices whilst e nsuring they are correctly coded both nominal and VAT, authorised and paid within creditors time restrictions.  Ensure all supplier account details are up to date and maintained  Reconciliation of suspense accounts  Management of the petty cash system ensuring prompt reimbursement of individual receipts and claims  Detailed monitoring of the main and separate departmental capitation and budgets.  Recording of income on city councils system and school system including the monitoring thereof.  Provision of budget reports for the school and the consultant Support the Schools’ Consultant with the monitoring of salaries and forecasting. The successful applicant will receive fantastic training and have the opportunity to build a lucrative career within the business as well as have the opportunity to work towards higher financial certifications. The apprenticeship position is in conjunction with studying for your AAT qualification. The training programme lasts for ****4 months and covers **** hours of teaching. You achieve the highly respected Association of Accounting Technician (AAT) qualification at levels **** (about GCSE), level 3 (about A2 level) and level 4 (about first year of a Degree Course). The programme is **** day in the Academy and 4 days in employment each week, for (24 months ). You will be learning about all aspects of Accounting and learning new skills related to how businesses work. While you are with AAP there will be a good mixture of handson practical work and written work. Training will take place in one of AAP’s highspec training rooms with access to excellent equipment. Training will be made as interactive as possible, with access to elearning provided for each Apprentice. You will be expected to complete practical assessments and written assignments, as well as examinations (there are **** of them). This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountancyApprentice_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00365.txt " Accountancy Apprentice" " 72239537" " Accounting Academy Partnership" " A fantastic opportunity has arisen to work as an accounts / apprentice with a successful company that provides a variety of essential services to Schools, Academies and Colleges. The role will involve working at four locations (one location a day for four days) and assisting with financial services within the schools. Responsibilities:  Use data management systems to input data and manage data management systems as required  Comply with Schools Financial Regulations and Standing Orders  Raise purchase orders ensuring the correct cost centre is selected  Ensure correct authorisation is obtained before the purchase order is released  Ensure that all relevant documentation related to payment of invoices is accurate and attached before payment is made, such as purchase orders and delivery notes  Process Invoices whilst e nsuring they are correctly coded both nominal and VAT, authorised and paid within creditors time restrictions.  Ensure all supplier account details are up to date and maintained  Reconciliation of suspense accounts  Management of the petty cash system ensuring prompt reimbursement of individual receipts and claims  Detailed monitoring of the main and separate departmental capitation and budgets.  Recording of income on city councils system and school system including the monitoring thereof.  Provision of budget reports for the school and the consultant Support the Schools’ Consultant with the monitoring of salaries and forecasting. The successful applicant will receive fantastic training and have the opportunity to build a lucrative career within the business as well as have the opportunity to work towards higher financial certifications. The apprenticeship position is in conjunction with studying for your AAT qualification. The training programme lasts for ****4 months and covers **** hours of teaching. You achieve the highly respected Association of Accounting Technician (AAT) qualification at levels **** (about GCSE), level 3 (about A2 level) and level 4 (about first year of a Degree Course). The programme is **** day in the Academy and 4 days in employment each week, for (24 months ). You will be learning about all aspects of Accounting and learning new skills related to how businesses work. While you are with AAP there will be a good mixture of handson practical work and written work. Training will take place in one of AAP’s highspec training rooms with access to excellent equipment. Training will be made as interactive as possible, with access to elearning provided for each Apprentice. You will be expected to complete practical assessments and written assignments, as well as examinations (there are **** of them). This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountancyApprentice_job****" "['fantastic', 'arisen', 'accounts', 'apprentice', 'variety', 'essential', 'schools', 'involve', 'locations', 'location', 'day', 'days', 'assisting', 'schools', 'responsibilities', 'data', 'input', 'data', 'manage', 'data', 'comply', 'schools', 'regulations', 'standing', 'orders', 'raise', 'purchase', 'orders', 'ensuring', 'correct', 'cost', 'centre', 'selected', 'correct', 'authorisation', 'obtained', 'purchase', 'order', 'released', 'relevant', 'documentation', 'related', 'payment', 'invoices', 'accurate', 'attached', 'payment', 'made', 'purchase', 'orders', 'delivery', 'notes', 'process', 'invoices', 'whilst', 'correctly', 'coded', 'nominal', 'vat', 'authorised', 'paid', 'creditors', 'time', 'restrictions', 'supplier', 'account', 'details', 'date', 'maintained', 'reconciliation', 'suspense', 'accounts', 'petty', 'cash', 'system', 'ensuring', 'prompt', 'reimbursement', 'individual', 'receipts', 'claims', 'detailed', 'monitoring', 'main', 'separate', 'departmental', 'budgets', 'recording', 'income', 'city', 'system', 'school', 'system', 'monitoring', 'provision', 'budget', 'reports', 'school', 'consultant', 'schools', 'consultant', 'monitoring', 'salaries', 'forecasting', 'applicant', 'receive', 'fantastic', 'build', 'lucrative', 'career', 'higher', 'certifications', 'apprenticeship', 'conjunction', 'studying', 'aat', 'qualification', 'programme', 'months', 'covers', 'hours', 'teaching', 'achieve', 'highly', 'respected', 'association', 'accounting', 'technician', 'aat', 'qualification', 'levels', 'gcse', 'level', 'level', 'level', 'year', 'degree', 'programme', 'day', 'academy', 'days', 'employment', 'week', 'months', 'learning', 'aspects', 'accounting', 'learning', 'related', 'businesses', 'aap', 'mixture', 'handson', 'practical', 'written', 'place', 'aap', 'rooms', 'access', 'equipment', 'made', 'access', 'provided', 'apprentice', 'expected', 'complete', 'practical', 'assessments', 'written', 'assignments', 'examinations', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Assitant Clinical Manager  Cambridge
Webindex: 69196531
Company: The Placement Group
Description: Assistant Clinical Manager  Cambridge Band 6 Occupational therapist Fulltime Salary  ****k****k DOE Start ASAP The firm is UK's largest independent provider of acute homecare to the NHS. They are undergoing an extended period of growth and are looking for talented mangers to help drive forward their growth in both the NHS and private sectors. The company are currently recruiting for an assistant clinical manager who will provide professional leadership ensuring close collaboration with all health care professionals. Job summary  The Assistant Clinical Manager will manage one of **** patient cohorts expected to equate to a 'virtual' ward of at least 30 beds. The Medical service, fundamentally therapies driven is standing at 20 beds currently. The Surgical service, predominately nursing and Physiotherapy driven will stand at 10 beds. The assistant will support the Clinical Manager in ensuring the delivery of a high quality, effective service on a daytoday basis which will include participating in the development of new ways of working and new care pathways in conjunction with our NHS stakeholders. Your principle accountabilities  Quality of Service Leadership and People Management Relationship Development ProblemSolving Planning and Scheduling Service Development Financial Management To qualify for this post you must meet the following criteria  Qualified Nurse (RGN 1st level) or Diploma in Physiotherapy/BSc (Hons) Physiotherapy / Occupational Therapy Current registration with the NMC or HCPC ENB 998/C&G **** or equivalent (for nursing qualified Clinical Manager) Relevant postregistration education and uptodate relevant experience. Proven post registration experience Previous experience in community care or an acute care environment, managing your own workload and that of a team Awareness of finance/budget control You must have a current UK driving licence. In return you will be offered competitive salary, healthcare benefits, support for CPD also standard annual leave and sick pay is offered. If you would like to apply for this vacancy, please submit your cv to for more info call . Closing date for applications is Friday 28th Jan 5pm Visa Required: Applicants must be eligible to work in the specified location" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00458.txt " Assitant Clinical Manager  Cambridge" " 69196531" " The Placement Group" " Assistant Clinical Manager  Cambridge Band 6 Occupational therapist Fulltime Salary  ****k****k DOE Start ASAP The firm is UK's largest independent provider of acute homecare to the NHS. They are undergoing an extended period of growth and are looking for talented mangers to help drive forward their growth in both the NHS and private sectors. The company are currently recruiting for an assistant clinical manager who will provide professional leadership ensuring close collaboration with all health care professionals. Job summary  The Assistant Clinical Manager will manage one of **** patient cohorts expected to equate to a 'virtual' ward of at least 30 beds. The Medical service, fundamentally therapies driven is standing at 20 beds currently. The Surgical service, predominately nursing and Physiotherapy driven will stand at 10 beds. The assistant will support the Clinical Manager in ensuring the delivery of a high quality, effective service on a daytoday basis which will include participating in the development of new ways of working and new care pathways in conjunction with our NHS stakeholders. Your principle accountabilities  Quality of Service Leadership and People Management Relationship Development ProblemSolving Planning and Scheduling Service Development Financial Management To qualify for this post you must meet the following criteria  Qualified Nurse (RGN 1st level) or Diploma in Physiotherapy/BSc (Hons) Physiotherapy / Occupational Therapy Current registration with the NMC or HCPC ENB 998/C&G **** or equivalent (for nursing qualified Clinical Manager) Relevant postregistration education and uptodate relevant experience. Proven post registration experience Previous experience in community care or an acute care environment, managing your own workload and that of a team Awareness of finance/budget control You must have a current UK driving licence. In return you will be offered competitive salary, healthcare benefits, support for CPD also standard annual leave and sick pay is offered. If you would like to apply for this vacancy, please submit your cv to for more info call . Closing date for applications is Friday 28th Jan 5pm Visa Required: Applicants must be eligible to work in the specified location" "['assistant', 'clinical', 'cambridge', 'band', 'occupational', 'therapist', 'fulltime', 'doe', 'start', 'asap', 'firm', ""uk's"", 'largest', 'independent', 'provider', 'acute', 'homecare', 'nhs', 'undergoing', 'extended', 'period', 'growth', 'talented', 'drive', 'forward', 'growth', 'nhs', 'private', 'sectors', 'recruiting', 'assistant', 'clinical', 'professional', 'leadership', 'ensuring', 'close', 'collaboration', 'health', 'professionals', 'summary', 'assistant', 'clinical', 'manage', 'patient', 'expected', 'virtual', 'ward', 'beds', 'medical', 'driven', 'standing', 'beds', 'surgical', 'predominately', 'nursing', 'physiotherapy', 'driven', 'stand', 'beds', 'assistant', 'clinical', 'ensuring', 'delivery', 'quality', 'effective', 'daytoday', 'basis', 'include', 'participating', 'ways', 'conjunction', 'nhs', 'stakeholders', 'principle', 'accountabilities', 'quality', 'leadership', 'people', 'relationship', 'problemsolving', 'planning', 'scheduling', 'qualify', 'post', 'meet', 'criteria', 'qualified', 'nurse', 'rgn', 'st', 'level', 'diploma', 'physiotherapy', 'bsc', 'hons', 'physiotherapy', 'occupational', 'therapy', 'current', 'registration', 'nmc', 'hcpc', 'enb', 'equivalent', 'nursing', 'qualified', 'clinical', 'relevant', 'postregistration', 'education', 'uptodate', 'relevant', 'proven', 'post', 'registration', 'previous', 'community', 'acute', 'environment', 'managing', 'workload', 'awareness', 'finance', 'budget', 'control', 'current', 'driving', 'licence', 'return', 'offered', 'competitive', 'healthcare', 'benefits', 'cpd', 'standard', 'annual', 'leave', 'sick', 'pay', 'offered', 'vacancy', 'submit', 'cv', 'info', 'call', 'closing', 'date', 'applications', 'friday', 'jan', 'pm', 'visa', 'applicants', 'eligible', 'location']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Global Field Services Manager
Webindex: 69249326
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Matchtech are currently recruiting for a Field Services Manager with experience of managing on a Global scale in the oil and gas sector. This position will include worldwide travel. Important Aftermarket and global experience The Job Job Title Global Aftermarket Field Services Manager Job Description Responsible for global operations of the Custom Process Systems Field Services Business. Includes responsibility for the development and implementation of strategic plans to maximize service related business opportunities on a global basis while concurrently maximizing the utilization of worldwide CPS Field Service personnel. The incumbent will work closely with the Region Aftermarket Heads and their regional sales, marketing, project management, procurement and manufacturing personnel in order to develop and promote the CPS Services Business while maximizing customer satisfaction. The incumbent will maintain a continuous knowledge and awareness of CPS market service requirements, as well as a continuous awareness of competitor service programs. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTABILITIES: Develop and maintain a good working relationship with the Region Aftermarket Heads, seeking their local knowledge input and involvement into the below defined global plans and initiatives. Develop and implement a global CPS Field Service business plan that promotes and enhances CPS global service opportunities. This includes strategic planning, as well as short and long range business planning. Prepare an annual budget (incl. bookings, sales revenues and costs) from the business plan. Responsible for taking timely and appropriate actions to ensure achievement of the business plan whilst working within the agreed annual budget. Develop and maintain an effective staff of highly trained, competent amp; professional Field Service technicians and engineers capable of providing a high quality service to customers located throughout the world. Develop and maintain efficient, effective, standard global work processes and procedures. Serves (or oversees assigned region based designates to serve) as a member of the Warranty Committee, providing feedback and recommendations regarding Field issues. Responsible for international Field Service and Training pricing and margin strategies predicated upon marketplace conditions, requirements and business objectives. To maintain a continuous awareness of marketplace service requirements. Develop CPS Field Service business programs to satisfy these requirements. Responsible for working with peers and other company employees as needed to insure the availability of high quality tools, equipment and PPE as required by the Field Service personnel in order to work safely at all times whilst also delivering a high quality service. To provide and maintain services as required by customers on a 24 hour, **** day week annual basis. Ensure all service work if performed in a safe way, taking all prior steps necessary to ensure that nobody gets hurt and nothing gets harmed. REPORTING: The incumbent reports directly to the Vice President of Aftermarket for Custom Process Systems. Job requirements/qualifications Previous experience of managing a global international Field Service business within the Oil and Gas market. A recognized degree in an engineering related subject To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00033.txt " Global Field Services Manager" " 69249326" " Matchtech Group plc." " Introduction Matchtech are currently recruiting for a Field Services Manager with experience of managing on a Global scale in the oil and gas sector. This position will include worldwide travel. Important Aftermarket and global experience The Job Job Title Global Aftermarket Field Services Manager Job Description Responsible for global operations of the Custom Process Systems Field Services Business. Includes responsibility for the development and implementation of strategic plans to maximize service related business opportunities on a global basis while concurrently maximizing the utilization of worldwide CPS Field Service personnel. The incumbent will work closely with the Region Aftermarket Heads and their regional sales, marketing, project management, procurement and manufacturing personnel in order to develop and promote the CPS Services Business while maximizing customer satisfaction. The incumbent will maintain a continuous knowledge and awareness of CPS market service requirements, as well as a continuous awareness of competitor service programs. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTABILITIES: Develop and maintain a good working relationship with the Region Aftermarket Heads, seeking their local knowledge input and involvement into the below defined global plans and initiatives. Develop and implement a global CPS Field Service business plan that promotes and enhances CPS global service opportunities. This includes strategic planning, as well as short and long range business planning. Prepare an annual budget (incl. bookings, sales revenues and costs) from the business plan. Responsible for taking timely and appropriate actions to ensure achievement of the business plan whilst working within the agreed annual budget. Develop and maintain an effective staff of highly trained, competent amp; professional Field Service technicians and engineers capable of providing a high quality service to customers located throughout the world. Develop and maintain efficient, effective, standard global work processes and procedures. Serves (or oversees assigned region based designates to serve) as a member of the Warranty Committee, providing feedback and recommendations regarding Field issues. Responsible for international Field Service and Training pricing and margin strategies predicated upon marketplace conditions, requirements and business objectives. To maintain a continuous awareness of marketplace service requirements. Develop CPS Field Service business programs to satisfy these requirements. Responsible for working with peers and other company employees as needed to insure the availability of high quality tools, equipment and PPE as required by the Field Service personnel in order to work safely at all times whilst also delivering a high quality service. To provide and maintain services as required by customers on a 24 hour, **** day week annual basis. Ensure all service work if performed in a safe way, taking all prior steps necessary to ensure that nobody gets hurt and nothing gets harmed. REPORTING: The incumbent reports directly to the Vice President of Aftermarket for Custom Process Systems. Job requirements/qualifications Previous experience of managing a global international Field Service business within the Oil and Gas market. A recognized degree in an engineering related subject To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK" "['introduction', 'matchtech', 'recruiting', 'field', 'managing', 'global', 'scale', 'oil', 'gas', 'sector', 'include', 'worldwide', 'travel', 'important', 'aftermarket', 'global', 'title', 'global', 'aftermarket', 'field', 'description', 'responsible', 'global', 'operations', 'custom', 'process', 'field', 'includes', 'responsibility', 'implementation', 'strategic', 'plans', 'maximize', 'related', 'opportunities', 'global', 'basis', 'maximizing', 'worldwide', 'cps', 'field', 'personnel', 'incumbent', 'closely', 'region', 'aftermarket', 'heads', 'regional', 'marketing', 'project', 'procurement', 'manufacturing', 'personnel', 'order', 'develop', 'promote', 'cps', 'maximizing', 'satisfaction', 'incumbent', 'maintain', 'continuous', 'awareness', 'cps', 'market', 'requirements', 'continuous', 'awareness', 'competitor', 'programs', 'principal', 'accountabilities', 'develop', 'maintain', 'relationship', 'region', 'aftermarket', 'heads', 'seeking', 'local', 'input', 'involvement', 'defined', 'global', 'plans', 'initiatives', 'develop', 'implement', 'global', 'cps', 'field', 'plan', 'promotes', 'enhances', 'cps', 'global', 'opportunities', 'includes', 'strategic', 'planning', 'short', 'long', 'range', 'planning', 'prepare', 'annual', 'budget', 'incl', 'bookings', 'revenues', 'costs', 'plan', 'responsible', 'taking', 'timely', 'actions', 'achievement', 'plan', 'whilst', 'agreed', 'annual', 'budget', 'develop', 'maintain', 'effective', 'highly', 'trained', 'competent', 'amp', 'professional', 'field', 'technicians', 'engineers', 'capable', 'providing', 'quality', 'customers', 'located', 'world', 'develop', 'maintain', 'efficient', 'effective', 'standard', 'global', 'processes', 'procedures', 'serves', 'assigned', 'region', 'serve', 'member', 'warranty', 'committee', 'providing', 'feedback', 'recommendations', 'field', 'issues', 'responsible', 'international', 'field', 'pricing', 'margin', 'strategies', 'marketplace', 'conditions', 'requirements', 'objectives', 'maintain', 'continuous', 'awareness', 'marketplace', 'requirements', 'develop', 'cps', 'field', 'programs', 'satisfy', 'requirements', 'responsible', 'peers', 'employees', 'needed', 'availability', 'quality', 'tools', 'equipment', 'ppe', 'field', 'personnel', 'order', 'safely', 'times', 'whilst', 'delivering', 'quality', 'maintain', 'customers', 'hour', 'day', 'week', 'annual', 'basis', 'performed', 'safe', 'taking', 'prior', 'steps', 'reporting', 'incumbent', 'reports', 'directly', 'aftermarket', 'custom', 'process', 'requirements', 'qualifications', 'previous', 'managing', 'global', 'international', 'field', 'oil', 'gas', 'market', 'recognized', 'degree', 'related', 'subject', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'live']" Engineering
"Title: Allied Health Care Professional : Home Managers Jobs in Kettering
Webindex: 71337749
Description: Flame Care Jobs  Home Manager RGN / RMN Jobs in Kettering Excellent salary available  40 hours per week Flame Care have a great opportunity for an experienced home manager to work in the Kettering area. Working in a 58 bedded residential, dementia & palliative care home with excellent support staff, the ideal Home Manager will be able to take responsibility for managing this business whilst leading a team and being responsible for ensuring the facility operates effectively and is delivering the very best quality care. You will ensure your team delivers the best quality care to the residents and make sure you are striving to achieve the best possible care rating and other external recognition of quality. You are obviously taking on an active leadership role and you will need to be seen as the leader supporting the operation of a twenty four hour business. As a home manager you will have experience of ensuring compliance with all company policies and regulatory requirements are met and are being adhered too, whilst using your managing experience to make the home as successful and effective within a budget. Working closely with your staff members you will be able to develop and motivate them and help them achieve personal goals. To be considered for this role you must be:  A Registered General Nurse/Registered Mental Nurse In return you will receive an excellent benefits package to include:  Excellent salary  Career progression within the company  Bonus 25% 30 Days holiday  Ongoing training and Support To apply for this job or enquire about additional Home Manager Job Opportunities in the Kettering or Northamptonshire Region  Contact Flame Care Freephone on **** **** or if calling from a mobile on **** **** alternatively email careersflamecare.com Flame Health Associates Operates as an Employment Agency & Employment Busienss." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00464.txt " Allied Health Care Professional : Home Managers Jobs in Kettering" " 71337749"  " Flame Care Jobs  Home Manager RGN / RMN Jobs in Kettering Excellent salary available  40 hours per week Flame Care have a great opportunity for an experienced home manager to work in the Kettering area. Working in a 58 bedded residential, dementia & palliative care home with excellent support staff, the ideal Home Manager will be able to take responsibility for managing this business whilst leading a team and being responsible for ensuring the facility operates effectively and is delivering the very best quality care. You will ensure your team delivers the best quality care to the residents and make sure you are striving to achieve the best possible care rating and other external recognition of quality. You are obviously taking on an active leadership role and you will need to be seen as the leader supporting the operation of a twenty four hour business. As a home manager you will have experience of ensuring compliance with all company policies and regulatory requirements are met and are being adhered too, whilst using your managing experience to make the home as successful and effective within a budget. Working closely with your staff members you will be able to develop and motivate them and help them achieve personal goals. To be considered for this role you must be:  A Registered General Nurse/Registered Mental Nurse In return you will receive an excellent benefits package to include:  Excellent salary  Career progression within the company  Bonus 25% 30 Days holiday  Ongoing training and Support To apply for this job or enquire about additional Home Manager Job Opportunities in the Kettering or Northamptonshire Region  Contact Flame Care Freephone on **** **** or if calling from a mobile on **** **** alternatively email careersflamecare.com Flame Health Associates Operates as an Employment Agency & Employment Busienss." "['flame', 'jobs', 'rgn', 'rmn', 'jobs', 'kettering', 'hours', 'week', 'flame', 'great', 'experienced', 'kettering', 'area', 'bedded', 'residential', 'dementia', 'palliative', 'ideal', 'responsibility', 'managing', 'whilst', 'responsible', 'ensuring', 'facility', 'operates', 'effectively', 'delivering', 'quality', 'delivers', 'quality', 'residents', 'make', 'striving', 'achieve', 'rating', 'external', 'recognition', 'quality', 'taking', 'active', 'leadership', 'leader', 'supporting', 'operation', 'twenty', 'hour', 'ensuring', 'compliance', 'policies', 'regulatory', 'requirements', 'met', 'adhered', 'whilst', 'managing', 'make', 'effective', 'budget', 'closely', 'members', 'develop', 'motivate', 'achieve', 'personal', 'goals', 'considered', 'registered', 'general', 'nurse', 'registered', 'mental', 'nurse', 'return', 'receive', 'benefits', 'package', 'include', 'career', 'progression', 'bonus', 'days', 'holiday', 'ongoing', 'enquire', 'additional', 'opportunities', 'kettering', 'northamptonshire', 'region', 'contact', 'flame', 'freephone', 'calling', 'mobile', 'alternatively', 'email', 'flame', 'health', 'associates', 'operates', 'employment', 'agency', 'employment']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Quant Analyst, Equity Derivatives
Webindex: 69088253
Company: ITS City Ltd
Description: You should have similar experience that covers Pricing Models for Equity Derivative products. Likely to come from Valuations or perhaps Model Validation or FrontOffice background. The client is undertaking a multi m project of change within valuations in response to market conditions, to bring it closer to the business You will be tasked with the development of new models & methodologies, fair value principles, model calibration. You will gain extensive exposure with Front Office Traders, Quant and Risk managment. Contact I.T.S City To talk directly with us to discuss this vacancy and the client, please contact Gary Williams on: Email: garyitscity.com Direct Line: **** (****) **** **** ****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00334.txt " Quant Analyst, Equity Derivatives" " 69088253" " ITS City Ltd" " You should have similar experience that covers Pricing Models for Equity Derivative products. Likely to come from Valuations or perhaps Model Validation or FrontOffice background. The client is undertaking a multi m project of change within valuations in response to market conditions, to bring it closer to the business You will be tasked with the development of new models & methodologies, fair value principles, model calibration. You will gain extensive exposure with Front Office Traders, Quant and Risk managment. Contact I.T.S City To talk directly with us to discuss this vacancy and the client, please contact Gary Williams on: Email: garyitscity.com Direct Line: **** (****) **** **** ****" "['similar', 'covers', 'pricing', 'models', 'equity', 'derivative', 'products', 'valuations', 'model', 'validation', 'background', 'undertaking', 'multi', 'project', 'change', 'valuations', 'response', 'market', 'conditions', 'bring', 'closer', 'tasked', 'models', 'methodologies', 'fair', 'principles', 'model', 'calibration', 'gain', 'extensive', 'exposure', 'front', 'office', 'traders', 'risk', 'contact', 'city', 'talk', 'directly', 'discuss', 'vacancy', 'contact', 'gary', 'email', 'direct', 'line']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Accountant ( 3 Months )
Webindex: 69673592
Company: Hays Specialist Recruitment
Description: Accountant ( 3 Months ) Accountant (3 Months) Belfast  ****k Our client is a newly formed not for profit organisation based in Belfast. Due to an increase in workflow they are currently recruiting for an experienced Accountant/ Auditor to complete a minimum 3 month contract to support the organisation through a busy period. A challenging post the duties and responsibilities will include a range of external and internal audits required to be completed by the organisation over the coming months. The successful applicant will be given responsibility for managing the portfolio of client audits both internal and external as the management of public monies and potential funding applicants are required to be monitored in line with the organisation's funding policies. You will also have responsibility for a number of other accounting and financial tasks as required to support the organisation through this busy period. Essential Criteria : To apply for this role one will need to have a solid accounting and audit background. You will need to be available at short notice and be able to commit to the post for a period of three months minimum. To apply for this post forward your current cv through the portal." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00340.txt " Accountant ( 3 Months )" " 69673592" " Hays Specialist Recruitment" " Accountant ( 3 Months ) Accountant (3 Months) Belfast  ****k Our client is a newly formed not for profit organisation based in Belfast. Due to an increase in workflow they are currently recruiting for an experienced Accountant/ Auditor to complete a minimum 3 month contract to support the organisation through a busy period. A challenging post the duties and responsibilities will include a range of external and internal audits required to be completed by the organisation over the coming months. The successful applicant will be given responsibility for managing the portfolio of client audits both internal and external as the management of public monies and potential funding applicants are required to be monitored in line with the organisation's funding policies. You will also have responsibility for a number of other accounting and financial tasks as required to support the organisation through this busy period. Essential Criteria : To apply for this role one will need to have a solid accounting and audit background. You will need to be available at short notice and be able to commit to the post for a period of three months minimum. To apply for this post forward your current cv through the portal." "['accountant', 'months', 'accountant', 'months', 'belfast', 'newly', 'formed', 'profit', 'organisation', 'belfast', 'due', 'increase', 'workflow', 'recruiting', 'experienced', 'accountant', 'auditor', 'complete', 'minimum', 'month', 'contract', 'organisation', 'busy', 'period', 'challenging', 'post', 'duties', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'range', 'external', 'internal', 'audits', 'completed', 'organisation', 'coming', 'months', 'applicant', 'responsibility', 'managing', 'portfolio', 'audits', 'internal', 'external', 'public', 'monies', 'potential', 'funding', 'applicants', 'monitored', 'line', ""organisation's"", 'funding', 'policies', 'responsibility', 'number', 'accounting', 'tasks', 'organisation', 'busy', 'period', 'essential', 'criteria', 'solid', 'accounting', 'audit', 'background', 'short', 'notice', 'commit', 'post', 'period', 'months', 'minimum', 'post', 'forward', 'current', 'cv', 'portal']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Validation Technician (Electrically Bias) (GXP)
Webindex: 69082733
Company: PPM
Description: Validation Technician (Electrical Bias)(GXP)  Upto ****  London W**** We are looking for an Electrically Bias Multi Skilled Maintenance Validation Engineer with a full working knowledge of GXP processes. You will need to be an experienced Multi Skilled Maintenance Engineer that holds 17th Edition electrical qualifications. The role will involve working as part of the existing maintenance team carrying out Planned Preventative Maintenance (PPM), Reactive Maintenance and Validation on the sites Electrical systems and Machinery. For this role you will require; GXP Process Knowledge 17th Edition Electrical Qualifications Experienced in Electrical and Mechanical Engineering To apply send a CV to doug wright" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00023.txt " Validation Technician (Electrically Bias) (GXP)" " 69082733" " PPM" " Validation Technician (Electrical Bias)(GXP)  Upto ****  London W**** We are looking for an Electrically Bias Multi Skilled Maintenance Validation Engineer with a full working knowledge of GXP processes. You will need to be an experienced Multi Skilled Maintenance Engineer that holds 17th Edition electrical qualifications. The role will involve working as part of the existing maintenance team carrying out Planned Preventative Maintenance (PPM), Reactive Maintenance and Validation on the sites Electrical systems and Machinery. For this role you will require; GXP Process Knowledge 17th Edition Electrical Qualifications Experienced in Electrical and Mechanical Engineering To apply send a CV to doug wright" "['validation', 'technician', 'electrical', 'bias', 'gxp', 'upto', 'london', 'electrically', 'bias', 'multi', 'skilled', 'maintenance', 'validation', 'gxp', 'processes', 'experienced', 'multi', 'skilled', 'maintenance', 'edition', 'electrical', 'qualifications', 'involve', 'part', 'existing', 'maintenance', 'carrying', 'planned', 'preventative', 'maintenance', 'ppm', 'reactive', 'maintenance', 'validation', 'sites', 'electrical', 'machinery', 'require', 'gxp', 'process', 'edition', 'electrical', 'qualifications', 'experienced', 'electrical', 'mechanical', 'send', 'cv', 'wright']" Engineering
"Title: Clinical Trial Coordinator
Webindex: 70148800
Company: London Metro 
Description: Clinical Trial Coordinator Ref:**** The Institute of Cancer Research (ICR) is one of the world s most influential cancer research institutes. Our mission is to make the discoveries that defeat cancer. We have a long and distinguished history of research with a major impact on the outcome for cancer patients. Our unique partnership with The Royal Marsden NHS Foundation Trust (RMH) makes us the largest comprehensive cancer centre in Europe, performing high quality original basic research and translational studies. Under the leadership of Chief Executive Professor Alan Ashworth FRS, we are committed to attracting, developing and retaining the best minds in the world. The ICR was ranked as the UK s top academic research centre in the **** Higher Education Funding Council Research Assessment Exercise. Based on our publication record, citations and impact we rank among the world s leading cancer research centres. We are looking for an enthusiastic and committed Clinical Trial Coordinator to work within the Drug Development Unit (DDU) which undertakes industrysponsored early phase clinical trials of new anticancer drugs. We are a world class clinical trials unit with a dedicated ward within the Royal Marsden Hospital for the development of novel cancer therapeutics which we believe will improve the care of cancer patients. The post holder will be educated to at least degree level in life sciences/nursing, with previous experience of working in clinical trials and a good understanding of the conduct of Phase I oncology clinical trials. They must be able to manage several complex studies at a time and will be key to communication both within the clinical study team and with external partners, ensuring that studies are run to protocol and in accordance with ICHGCP. The post holder must be highly organised and able to plan work around a busy clinical unit. They should have excellent communication and interpersonal skills in order to interact effectively with unit staff and patients. Appointment will be on a fixed term contract for one year in the first instance, with a salary in the range ****  **** p.a. inclusive based on skills and previous experience. This post also benefits from generous annual leave entitlement and pension scheme. Please visit www.icr.ac.uk for a detailed job description and to apply. Closing Date: Sunday 3rd February" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00500.txt " Clinical Trial Coordinator" " 70148800" " London Metro " " Clinical Trial Coordinator Ref:**** The Institute of Cancer Research (ICR) is one of the world s most influential cancer research institutes. Our mission is to make the discoveries that defeat cancer. We have a long and distinguished history of research with a major impact on the outcome for cancer patients. Our unique partnership with The Royal Marsden NHS Foundation Trust (RMH) makes us the largest comprehensive cancer centre in Europe, performing high quality original basic research and translational studies. Under the leadership of Chief Executive Professor Alan Ashworth FRS, we are committed to attracting, developing and retaining the best minds in the world. The ICR was ranked as the UK s top academic research centre in the **** Higher Education Funding Council Research Assessment Exercise. Based on our publication record, citations and impact we rank among the world s leading cancer research centres. We are looking for an enthusiastic and committed Clinical Trial Coordinator to work within the Drug Development Unit (DDU) which undertakes industrysponsored early phase clinical trials of new anticancer drugs. We are a world class clinical trials unit with a dedicated ward within the Royal Marsden Hospital for the development of novel cancer therapeutics which we believe will improve the care of cancer patients. The post holder will be educated to at least degree level in life sciences/nursing, with previous experience of working in clinical trials and a good understanding of the conduct of Phase I oncology clinical trials. They must be able to manage several complex studies at a time and will be key to communication both within the clinical study team and with external partners, ensuring that studies are run to protocol and in accordance with ICHGCP. The post holder must be highly organised and able to plan work around a busy clinical unit. They should have excellent communication and interpersonal skills in order to interact effectively with unit staff and patients. Appointment will be on a fixed term contract for one year in the first instance, with a salary in the range ****  **** p.a. inclusive based on skills and previous experience. This post also benefits from generous annual leave entitlement and pension scheme. Please visit www.icr.ac.uk for a detailed job description and to apply. Closing Date: Sunday 3rd February" "['clinical', 'trial', 'coordinator', 'ref', 'institute', 'cancer', 'research', 'icr', 'world', 'influential', 'cancer', 'research', 'mission', 'make', 'cancer', 'long', 'distinguished', 'history', 'research', 'major', 'impact', 'outcome', 'cancer', 'patients', 'unique', 'partnership', 'royal', 'marsden', 'nhs', 'foundation', 'trust', 'makes', 'largest', 'comprehensive', 'cancer', 'centre', 'europe', 'performing', 'quality', 'original', 'basic', 'research', 'studies', 'leadership', 'chief', 'executive', 'committed', 'attracting', 'developing', 'retaining', 'minds', 'world', 'icr', 'top', 'academic', 'research', 'centre', 'higher', 'education', 'funding', 'council', 'research', 'assessment', 'exercise', 'publication', 'record', 'impact', 'world', 'cancer', 'research', 'centres', 'enthusiastic', 'committed', 'clinical', 'trial', 'coordinator', 'drug', 'unit', 'undertakes', 'early', 'phase', 'clinical', 'trials', 'drugs', 'world', 'class', 'clinical', 'trials', 'unit', 'dedicated', 'ward', 'royal', 'marsden', 'hospital', 'cancer', 'improve', 'cancer', 'patients', 'post', 'holder', 'educated', 'degree', 'level', 'life', 'sciences', 'nursing', 'previous', 'clinical', 'trials', 'understanding', 'conduct', 'phase', 'oncology', 'clinical', 'trials', 'manage', 'complex', 'studies', 'time', 'key', 'communication', 'clinical', 'study', 'external', 'partners', 'ensuring', 'studies', 'run', 'protocol', 'accordance', 'post', 'holder', 'highly', 'organised', 'plan', 'busy', 'clinical', 'unit', 'communication', 'interpersonal', 'order', 'interact', 'effectively', 'unit', 'patients', 'appointment', 'fixed', 'term', 'contract', 'year', 'instance', 'range', 'inclusive', 'previous', 'post', 'benefits', 'generous', 'annual', 'leave', 'entitlement', 'pension', 'scheme', 'visit', 'www', 'icr', 'ac', 'detailed', 'description', 'closing', 'date', 'sunday', 'february']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Graduate Sales Executive, Construction Products, Surrey
Webindex: 68702817
Company: Aaron Wallis Sales Recruitment
Description: Graduate Sales Executive, Construction Products, Surrey. up to **** Basic Salary  bonuses  car  expenses. This is a graduate sales role with a manufacturer of 'green' construction products that requires an exceptional graduate from a technical discipline (scientific or engineering led) that has progressed into a sales role, either business to business or proactive business to consumer sales, i.e. where you proactively approach and engage customers to purchase for instance door to door sales, furniture retail, utility sales, etc. This is a new business oriented sales role which involves strategic cold calling so is not for 'shrinking violets' or anyone that would be fazed by sales rejection. The absolute ideal candidate will have a construction related degree (Civil Engineering, Construction Management, Construction Management, Construction Project Management, Building Sciences, Environmental Engineering, Structural Engineering, Geophysics, Geomechanics, Construction Science, Construction Economics, etc) and progressed to have experience of making Business to Business Cold Calls. Above the key requirements of a degree and some sales experience is your attitude; you will be confident, practically minded, ambitious, a team player, highly driven and an achiever. In the first year the overall earnings with bonuses will be circa ****K though in three years it is likely that your total earnings package will be ****K plus. This dynamic organisation is experiencing significant and rapid growth and manufacture highly patented products which help companies reduce their energy wastage, energy costs and carbon footprint whilst increasing their profitability. This role is within a small growing company and whilst it may not be the formalised training programme of a major corporate you will be exposed to all areas of the business operation and will be involved in highlevel meetings from day one. As a consequence your knowledge of operations, project management, sales and 'how business works as a whole' will rapidly increase across your first couple of couple of years where you are then expected to progress into project implementation, technical specification sales or key account management. To demonstrate the qualities required your CV should demonstrate indications of being above the 'norm'  perhaps you have played sport at a high level or represented your university in debating competitions, had involvement in the Student Union, led charity fundraising campaigns or something similarly 'outstanding' like working for charities on a volunteer basis, climbing mountains, undertaking the Duke of Edinburgh or similar awards, etc. As you can probably tell we are looking for an achiever with a 'zest for life' and a key part of the interview process will be based around your attitude, aspirations and determination to get ahead. The role requires a selfmotivated individual that is a 'sponge' for information and has a desire to learn and grow. As such the role requires good alphanumeric skills, IT competency, the ability to 'think outside the box' and above all dedication, hard work and selfdiscipline. The role requires an individual with brilliant communication skills together with high levels of drive and intelligence together with a reasonable understanding of maths and design. As a person you will be articulate, highly personable, well presented, self motivated and a good listener. To apply you will also be a driver. A laptop, blackberry, and other tools required to succeed are provided. The deadline for applications is Friday 1st February with interviews planned for Friday 8th February in Weybridge, Surrey. The recruitment process will include a psychometric questionnaire and formal ability testing. Aaron Wallis are the retained exclusive recruiter for this role. To apply email robert.scottaaronwallis.co.uk with your CV or alternatively call Tom Ward or Rob Scott of Aaron Wallis on **** **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GraduateSalesExecutiveConstructionProductsSurrey_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00633.txt " Graduate Sales Executive, Construction Products, Surrey" " 68702817" " Aaron Wallis Sales Recruitment" " Graduate Sales Executive, Construction Products, Surrey. up to **** Basic Salary  bonuses  car  expenses. This is a graduate sales role with a manufacturer of 'green' construction products that requires an exceptional graduate from a technical discipline (scientific or engineering led) that has progressed into a sales role, either business to business or proactive business to consumer sales, i.e. where you proactively approach and engage customers to purchase for instance door to door sales, furniture retail, utility sales, etc. This is a new business oriented sales role which involves strategic cold calling so is not for 'shrinking violets' or anyone that would be fazed by sales rejection. The absolute ideal candidate will have a construction related degree (Civil Engineering, Construction Management, Construction Management, Construction Project Management, Building Sciences, Environmental Engineering, Structural Engineering, Geophysics, Geomechanics, Construction Science, Construction Economics, etc) and progressed to have experience of making Business to Business Cold Calls. Above the key requirements of a degree and some sales experience is your attitude; you will be confident, practically minded, ambitious, a team player, highly driven and an achiever. In the first year the overall earnings with bonuses will be circa ****K though in three years it is likely that your total earnings package will be ****K plus. This dynamic organisation is experiencing significant and rapid growth and manufacture highly patented products which help companies reduce their energy wastage, energy costs and carbon footprint whilst increasing their profitability. This role is within a small growing company and whilst it may not be the formalised training programme of a major corporate you will be exposed to all areas of the business operation and will be involved in highlevel meetings from day one. As a consequence your knowledge of operations, project management, sales and 'how business works as a whole' will rapidly increase across your first couple of couple of years where you are then expected to progress into project implementation, technical specification sales or key account management. To demonstrate the qualities required your CV should demonstrate indications of being above the 'norm'  perhaps you have played sport at a high level or represented your university in debating competitions, had involvement in the Student Union, led charity fundraising campaigns or something similarly 'outstanding' like working for charities on a volunteer basis, climbing mountains, undertaking the Duke of Edinburgh or similar awards, etc. As you can probably tell we are looking for an achiever with a 'zest for life' and a key part of the interview process will be based around your attitude, aspirations and determination to get ahead. The role requires a selfmotivated individual that is a 'sponge' for information and has a desire to learn and grow. As such the role requires good alphanumeric skills, IT competency, the ability to 'think outside the box' and above all dedication, hard work and selfdiscipline. The role requires an individual with brilliant communication skills together with high levels of drive and intelligence together with a reasonable understanding of maths and design. As a person you will be articulate, highly personable, well presented, self motivated and a good listener. To apply you will also be a driver. A laptop, blackberry, and other tools required to succeed are provided. The deadline for applications is Friday 1st February with interviews planned for Friday 8th February in Weybridge, Surrey. The recruitment process will include a psychometric questionnaire and formal ability testing. Aaron Wallis are the retained exclusive recruiter for this role. To apply email robert.scottaaronwallis.co.uk with your CV or alternatively call Tom Ward or Rob Scott of Aaron Wallis on **** **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GraduateSalesExecutiveConstructionProductsSurrey_job****" "['graduate', 'executive', 'construction', 'products', 'surrey', 'basic', 'bonuses', 'car', 'expenses', 'graduate', 'manufacturer', 'green', 'construction', 'products', 'requires', 'exceptional', 'graduate', 'technical', 'discipline', 'scientific', 'led', 'progressed', 'proactive', 'consumer', 'proactively', 'approach', 'engage', 'customers', 'purchase', 'instance', 'door', 'door', 'furniture', 'retail', 'utility', 'oriented', 'involves', 'strategic', 'cold', 'calling', 'rejection', 'absolute', 'ideal', 'construction', 'related', 'degree', 'civil', 'construction', 'construction', 'construction', 'project', 'building', 'sciences', 'environmental', 'structural', 'geophysics', 'geomechanics', 'construction', 'science', 'construction', 'economics', 'progressed', 'making', 'cold', 'calls', 'key', 'requirements', 'degree', 'attitude', 'confident', 'minded', 'ambitious', 'player', 'highly', 'driven', 'achiever', 'year', 'earnings', 'bonuses', 'circa', 'years', 'total', 'earnings', 'package', 'dynamic', 'organisation', 'experiencing', 'significant', 'rapid', 'growth', 'manufacture', 'highly', 'products', 'companies', 'reduce', 'energy', 'energy', 'costs', 'carbon', 'footprint', 'whilst', 'increasing', 'profitability', 'small', 'growing', 'whilst', 'programme', 'major', 'corporate', 'areas', 'operation', 'involved', 'highlevel', 'meetings', 'day', 'operations', 'project', 'works', 'rapidly', 'increase', 'couple', 'couple', 'years', 'expected', 'progress', 'project', 'implementation', 'technical', 'specification', 'key', 'account', 'demonstrate', 'qualities', 'cv', 'demonstrate', 'norm', 'played', 'sport', 'level', 'represented', 'university', 'involvement', 'student', 'led', 'charity', 'fundraising', 'campaigns', 'outstanding', 'charities', 'basis', 'climbing', 'undertaking', 'edinburgh', 'similar', 'awards', 'achiever', 'zest', 'life', 'key', 'part', 'interview', 'process', 'attitude', 'aspirations', 'determination', 'ahead', 'requires', 'selfmotivated', 'individual', 'information', 'desire', 'learn', 'grow', 'requires', 'competency', 'box', 'dedication', 'hard', 'requires', 'individual', 'brilliant', 'communication', 'levels', 'drive', 'intelligence', 'reasonable', 'understanding', 'maths', 'person', 'articulate', 'highly', 'personable', 'presented', 'motivated', 'listener', 'driver', 'laptop', 'tools', 'succeed', 'provided', 'applications', 'friday', 'st', 'february', 'interviews', 'planned', 'friday', 'february', 'surrey', 'process', 'include', 'questionnaire', 'formal', 'testing', 'aaron', 'wallis', 'retained', 'exclusive', 'recruiter', 'email', 'robert', 'cv', 'alternatively', 'call', 'tom', 'ward', 'rob', 'scott', 'aaron', 'wallis', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Senior/lead Engineer  ********  Leicestershire
Webindex: 72442746
Company: FMC Global Talent
Description: Senior/lead Engineer  ********  Leicestershire Company FMC are working with a world leader in the design and manufacture of access and lifting equipment. Our client has operations all over the world and sells their access and life equipment on all continents. They have manufacturing plants in the US, Europe and China. They currently have a 4****% market share in the US and are now looking to increase their market share in the UK. To do this they have opened a Test and Development Engineering Centre of Excellence in Leicestershire. The new Leicestershire site is developing fast and grew **** people 2 years ago to **** currently and expected **** by June 2013. They offer great career opportunities, both locally and internationally and are looking for candidates up for a challenge to support their growth and exciting new projects. Role Our client is seeking a Senior/Lead engineer who wants to make the move into project management by shadowing the Senior Project Engineer with the view to develop into a Project Engineer role. Over time you will take on more complex projects, leading to full New Product Development. Responsibilities will include; Making recommendations for capital improvements and supplying sufficient evidence. Research studies to develop new technologies to be used in new and improved products. Communicating with team members, suppliers, internal and external customers effectively. Create and maintain project documentation. Perform engineering analysis to ensure requirements are met. Prepare technical proposals, quotations, reports, and presentations. Requirements Bachelor's Degree in Mechanical Engineering, or General Engineering 5 Years experience minimum in off highway, automotive, or similar industries PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS AND PERSONAL SKILLS  Experience with a high level cad system (ProE)  Some Experience of Project Management  Possess a strong mechanical knowledge of vehicles and related systems  Good understanding of other functions within a business i.e. Purchasing, Manufacturing, Accounting, marketing etc. Green Belt Certified/Good working Knowledge of **** Sigma and its related Tools Excellent IT – MS Office inc MS Project Visio Experience with automotive or offhighway equipment preferred For more information contact Sophie Higgs on **** (0) **** **** **** or sophie.higgsfmctalent.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorleadEngineer****Leicestershire_job5550****63" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00056.txt " Senior/lead Engineer  ********  Leicestershire" " 72442746" " FMC Global Talent" " Senior/lead Engineer  ********  Leicestershire Company FMC are working with a world leader in the design and manufacture of access and lifting equipment. Our client has operations all over the world and sells their access and life equipment on all continents. They have manufacturing plants in the US, Europe and China. They currently have a 4****% market share in the US and are now looking to increase their market share in the UK. To do this they have opened a Test and Development Engineering Centre of Excellence in Leicestershire. The new Leicestershire site is developing fast and grew **** people 2 years ago to **** currently and expected **** by June 2013. They offer great career opportunities, both locally and internationally and are looking for candidates up for a challenge to support their growth and exciting new projects. Role Our client is seeking a Senior/Lead engineer who wants to make the move into project management by shadowing the Senior Project Engineer with the view to develop into a Project Engineer role. Over time you will take on more complex projects, leading to full New Product Development. Responsibilities will include; Making recommendations for capital improvements and supplying sufficient evidence. Research studies to develop new technologies to be used in new and improved products. Communicating with team members, suppliers, internal and external customers effectively. Create and maintain project documentation. Perform engineering analysis to ensure requirements are met. Prepare technical proposals, quotations, reports, and presentations. Requirements Bachelor's Degree in Mechanical Engineering, or General Engineering 5 Years experience minimum in off highway, automotive, or similar industries PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS AND PERSONAL SKILLS  Experience with a high level cad system (ProE)  Some Experience of Project Management  Possess a strong mechanical knowledge of vehicles and related systems  Good understanding of other functions within a business i.e. Purchasing, Manufacturing, Accounting, marketing etc. Green Belt Certified/Good working Knowledge of **** Sigma and its related Tools Excellent IT – MS Office inc MS Project Visio Experience with automotive or offhighway equipment preferred For more information contact Sophie Higgs on **** (0) **** **** **** or sophie.higgsfmctalent.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorleadEngineer****Leicestershire_job5550****63" "['senior', 'lead', 'leicestershire', 'world', 'leader', 'manufacture', 'access', 'lifting', 'equipment', 'operations', 'world', 'sells', 'access', 'life', 'equipment', 'continents', 'manufacturing', 'plants', 'europe', 'market', 'share', 'increase', 'market', 'share', 'opened', 'test', 'centre', 'excellence', 'leicestershire', 'leicestershire', 'site', 'developing', 'fast', 'people', 'years', 'ago', 'expected', 'june', 'offer', 'great', 'career', 'opportunities', 'locally', 'internationally', 'candidates', 'challenge', 'growth', 'exciting', 'projects', 'seeking', 'senior', 'lead', 'make', 'move', 'project', 'senior', 'project', 'view', 'develop', 'project', 'time', 'complex', 'projects', 'product', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'making', 'recommendations', 'capital', 'improvements', 'supplying', 'sufficient', 'evidence', 'research', 'studies', 'develop', 'technologies', 'improved', 'products', 'communicating', 'members', 'suppliers', 'internal', 'external', 'customers', 'effectively', 'create', 'maintain', 'project', 'documentation', 'perform', 'analysis', 'requirements', 'met', 'prepare', 'technical', 'proposals', 'quotations', 'reports', 'presentations', 'requirements', ""bachelor's"", 'degree', 'mechanical', 'general', 'years', 'minimum', 'highway', 'automotive', 'similar', 'industries', 'preferred', 'qualifications', 'personal', 'level', 'cad', 'system', 'proe', 'project', 'possess', 'mechanical', 'vehicles', 'related', 'understanding', 'functions', 'purchasing', 'manufacturing', 'accounting', 'marketing', 'green', 'belt', 'certified', 'sigma', 'related', 'tools', 'ms', 'office', 'ms', 'project', 'visio', 'automotive', 'equipment', 'preferred', 'information', 'contact', 'sophie', 'sophie', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking', 'leicestershire']" Engineering
"Title: Area Sales Manager  South England
Webindex: 71240896
Company: h2 Recruit Ltd
Description: Salary  &pound**** with an O.T.E of &pound**** Benefits  Car Allowance, Pension, Mobile, Location &ndash South England Position &ndash Business Development Manager Job Type: Permanent Description: An exciting opportunity has arisen for an ambitious Business Development Manager to join a highly respected and established company that provide supply chain solutions as well as manufacturing solutions to companies of all sizes within electronics and technology. ROLE As Business Development Manager you will be proactively sourcing clients across various markets (defence, aerospace, medical) to provide electronic manufacturing solutions and services. The position will be field based and covering the south of England and will involve a technical consultative sell. EXPERIENCED REQUIRED You will be a successful Business Development Manager that can demonstrate a track record of new business wins over a period of time with in an EMS (electronic manufacturing service provider) environment. You should also have a track record generating in excess of &pound2 million per annum and ideally have an engineering background. If this sounds of interest APPLY NOW there is an excellent base salary of &pound**** plus O.T.E of &pound**** plus excellent benefits package (pension, mobile, car allowance, lap top) with further opportunities for career progression H2 recruit is a boutique Sales Recruitment agency based in London and New York we pride ourselves on delivering a quality of candidate and service unprecedented in the sales arena. &nbsp" 3 data/Sales\Job_00690.txt " Area Sales Manager  South England" " 71240896" " h2 Recruit Ltd" " Salary  &pound**** with an O.T.E of &pound**** Benefits  Car Allowance, Pension, Mobile, Location &ndash South England Position &ndash Business Development Manager Job Type: Permanent Description: An exciting opportunity has arisen for an ambitious Business Development Manager to join a highly respected and established company that provide supply chain solutions as well as manufacturing solutions to companies of all sizes within electronics and technology. ROLE As Business Development Manager you will be proactively sourcing clients across various markets (defence, aerospace, medical) to provide electronic manufacturing solutions and services. The position will be field based and covering the south of England and will involve a technical consultative sell. EXPERIENCED REQUIRED You will be a successful Business Development Manager that can demonstrate a track record of new business wins over a period of time with in an EMS (electronic manufacturing service provider) environment. You should also have a track record generating in excess of &pound2 million per annum and ideally have an engineering background. If this sounds of interest APPLY NOW there is an excellent base salary of &pound**** plus O.T.E of &pound**** plus excellent benefits package (pension, mobile, car allowance, lap top) with further opportunities for career progression H2 recruit is a boutique Sales Recruitment agency based in London and New York we pride ourselves on delivering a quality of candidate and service unprecedented in the sales arena. &nbsp" "['pound', 'pound', 'benefits', 'car', 'allowance', 'pension', 'mobile', 'location', 'ndash', 'south', 'england', 'ndash', 'type', 'permanent', 'description', 'exciting', 'arisen', 'ambitious', 'highly', 'respected', 'established', 'supply', 'chain', 'solutions', 'manufacturing', 'solutions', 'companies', 'sizes', 'electronics', 'technology', 'proactively', 'sourcing', 'markets', 'defence', 'aerospace', 'medical', 'electronic', 'manufacturing', 'solutions', 'field', 'covering', 'south', 'england', 'involve', 'technical', 'consultative', 'sell', 'experienced', 'demonstrate', 'track', 'record', 'wins', 'period', 'time', 'electronic', 'manufacturing', 'provider', 'environment', 'track', 'record', 'generating', 'excess', 'pound', 'million', 'annum', 'ideally', 'background', 'sounds', 'interest', 'base', 'pound', 'pound', 'benefits', 'package', 'pension', 'mobile', 'car', 'allowance', 'top', 'opportunities', 'career', 'progression', 'recruit', 'boutique', 'agency', 'london', 'york', 'pride', 'delivering', 'quality', 'arena', 'nbsp']" Sales
"Title: Theatre Practitioner – Scrub  Salisbury
Webindex: 68302335
Company: Professional Social Care Solutions Ltd
Description: Theatre Practitioner – Scrub We currently have an excellent employment opportunity for a Nurse or O.D.P. to work in one of Wiltshire’s leading private hospitals in Salisbury. Part of a large healthcare group that are well respected within the industry and considered to be innovative and forward thinking, this is an excellent opportunity for an individual that is keen to develop and progress their career in the private healthcare environment. The successful applicant will be a registered Nurse or O.D.P. and will have experience of working in theatre as a Scrub Nurse. ROLE To provide a high standard of individual patient care. To work within both the nursing and multi disciplinary team to provide evidence based, holistic care to a group of patients from admission to discharge in department. To take responsibility for managing and coordinating an assigned area of the department in the absence of more senior staff. To participate in the teaching and supervision of junior staff and student learners as required. To be a safe and effective practitioner able to provide patients and relatives with high quality perioperative care.RESPONSIBILITIES Key areas Assessing, planning, delivering and evaluation of patient care Delegation and supervision of junior grades, unqualified and less experienced staff Working with members of the Multi Disciplinary Team following local protocols and standards Awareness of the effective management of resources within the department Participate in clinical trials and research when required Clinical Plan and prepare equipment according to patients needs and procedures Implement and evaluate care plans as appropriate to surgical requirement and patients condition Monitoring and assessing patients condition, responding to changes in condition, proposing / making changes to care plan as required Directing and participating in the manoeuvring and the positioning of conscious and unconscious patients Handover and transferring responsibility of care to colleagues, ensuring appropriate information and care is relayed Supporting and reassessing patients and relatives/carers during perioperative procedures Working within guidelines of NMC and HPC Codes of Practice depending upon registration To be aware of the management of drugs and to adhere to local policies and administer drugs as prescribed Maintaining accurate patient and theatre records All successful applicants for hospital posts will be required to apply for and produce a CRB Certificate of Disclosure at Enhanced Level." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00474.txt " Theatre Practitioner – Scrub  Salisbury" " 68302335" " Professional Social Care Solutions Ltd" " Theatre Practitioner – Scrub We currently have an excellent employment opportunity for a Nurse or O.D.P. to work in one of Wiltshire’s leading private hospitals in Salisbury. Part of a large healthcare group that are well respected within the industry and considered to be innovative and forward thinking, this is an excellent opportunity for an individual that is keen to develop and progress their career in the private healthcare environment. The successful applicant will be a registered Nurse or O.D.P. and will have experience of working in theatre as a Scrub Nurse. ROLE To provide a high standard of individual patient care. To work within both the nursing and multi disciplinary team to provide evidence based, holistic care to a group of patients from admission to discharge in department. To take responsibility for managing and coordinating an assigned area of the department in the absence of more senior staff. To participate in the teaching and supervision of junior staff and student learners as required. To be a safe and effective practitioner able to provide patients and relatives with high quality perioperative care.RESPONSIBILITIES Key areas Assessing, planning, delivering and evaluation of patient care Delegation and supervision of junior grades, unqualified and less experienced staff Working with members of the Multi Disciplinary Team following local protocols and standards Awareness of the effective management of resources within the department Participate in clinical trials and research when required Clinical Plan and prepare equipment according to patients needs and procedures Implement and evaluate care plans as appropriate to surgical requirement and patients condition Monitoring and assessing patients condition, responding to changes in condition, proposing / making changes to care plan as required Directing and participating in the manoeuvring and the positioning of conscious and unconscious patients Handover and transferring responsibility of care to colleagues, ensuring appropriate information and care is relayed Supporting and reassessing patients and relatives/carers during perioperative procedures Working within guidelines of NMC and HPC Codes of Practice depending upon registration To be aware of the management of drugs and to adhere to local policies and administer drugs as prescribed Maintaining accurate patient and theatre records All successful applicants for hospital posts will be required to apply for and produce a CRB Certificate of Disclosure at Enhanced Level." "['theatre', 'practitioner', 'scrub', 'employment', 'nurse', 'wiltshire', 'private', 'hospitals', 'salisbury', 'part', 'large', 'healthcare', 'group', 'respected', 'industry', 'considered', 'innovative', 'forward', 'thinking', 'individual', 'keen', 'develop', 'progress', 'career', 'private', 'healthcare', 'environment', 'applicant', 'registered', 'nurse', 'theatre', 'scrub', 'nurse', 'standard', 'individual', 'patient', 'nursing', 'multi', 'disciplinary', 'evidence', 'holistic', 'group', 'patients', 'admission', 'department', 'responsibility', 'managing', 'coordinating', 'assigned', 'area', 'department', 'absence', 'senior', 'participate', 'teaching', 'supervision', 'junior', 'student', 'safe', 'effective', 'practitioner', 'patients', 'relatives', 'quality', 'perioperative', 'responsibilities', 'key', 'areas', 'assessing', 'planning', 'delivering', 'evaluation', 'patient', 'delegation', 'supervision', 'junior', 'grades', 'experienced', 'members', 'multi', 'disciplinary', 'local', 'protocols', 'standards', 'awareness', 'effective', 'resources', 'department', 'participate', 'clinical', 'trials', 'research', 'clinical', 'plan', 'prepare', 'equipment', 'patients', 'procedures', 'implement', 'evaluate', 'plans', 'surgical', 'requirement', 'patients', 'condition', 'monitoring', 'assessing', 'patients', 'condition', 'responding', 'condition', 'proposing', 'making', 'plan', 'directing', 'participating', 'manoeuvring', 'positioning', 'conscious', 'patients', 'handover', 'transferring', 'responsibility', 'colleagues', 'ensuring', 'information', 'supporting', 'reassessing', 'patients', 'relatives', 'carers', 'perioperative', 'procedures', 'guidelines', 'nmc', 'hpc', 'codes', 'practice', 'depending', 'registration', 'aware', 'drugs', 'adhere', 'local', 'policies', 'administer', 'drugs', 'prescribed', 'maintaining', 'accurate', 'patient', 'theatre', 'records', 'applicants', 'hospital', 'posts', 'produce', 'crb', 'certificate', 'disclosure', 'enhanced', 'level']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Customer Liaison Officer
Webindex: 69035657
Company: MW Appointments LTD
Description: CUSTOMER LIAISON OFFICER to **** Our Client is an Insurance Company looking for a Customer Liaison Officer based in the Docklands. Duties will include dealing with customer s complaints, by telephone correspondence or through branches and head office managers, maintain the companys complaints system, including producing reports and statistics for senior management and handling enquiries from the Financial Ombudsman Service and prepare information for both FOS and the Financial Services Authority. Experience in a Motor Claims background is essential. If you hold the relevant experience then please apply quoting Ref ****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00357.txt " Customer Liaison Officer" " 69035657" " MW Appointments LTD" " CUSTOMER LIAISON OFFICER to **** Our Client is an Insurance Company looking for a Customer Liaison Officer based in the Docklands. Duties will include dealing with customer s complaints, by telephone correspondence or through branches and head office managers, maintain the companys complaints system, including producing reports and statistics for senior management and handling enquiries from the Financial Ombudsman Service and prepare information for both FOS and the Financial Services Authority. Experience in a Motor Claims background is essential. If you hold the relevant experience then please apply quoting Ref ****" "['liaison', 'officer', 'insurance', 'liaison', 'officer', 'duties', 'include', 'dealing', 'complaints', 'telephone', 'correspondence', 'branches', 'head', 'office', 'managers', 'maintain', 'complaints', 'system', 'producing', 'reports', 'statistics', 'senior', 'handling', 'enquiries', 'prepare', 'information', 'fos', 'authority', 'motor', 'claims', 'background', 'essential', 'hold', 'relevant', 'quoting', 'ref']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Staff Nurse
Webindex: 70623750
Company: Green Care Management
Description: Staff Nurse  Newly qualified considered Stevenage, Hertfordshire To **** per hour Full time, permanent position Set in the heart of Hertfordshire, this newly built 6****bedroom home provides 24hour nursing care from a highly qualified caring team of committed professionals and is one of the finest purposebuilt homes in the country. They are currently recruiting for a Staff Nurse to join their dedicated nursing team. Duties involve administering medication, providing nurse care plus all other associated duties as required. You will supervise and train junior members of staff, and support the management team in the delivery of fist class care You will be RGN or RMN qualified, and hold a valid NMC pin. Newly qualified nurses will be supported with a full preceptorship. A full knowledge of CQC requirements is preferred. The role will be primarily days, working 3 long days per week, although you will be required to be flexible to night working. The hourly rate is up to **** per hour, dependent on experience. This is an excellent opportunity to join a purpose built care centre that offers great career advancement opportunities This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/StaffNurse_job****" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00463.txt " Staff Nurse" " 70623750" " Green Care Management" " Staff Nurse  Newly qualified considered Stevenage, Hertfordshire To **** per hour Full time, permanent position Set in the heart of Hertfordshire, this newly built 6****bedroom home provides 24hour nursing care from a highly qualified caring team of committed professionals and is one of the finest purposebuilt homes in the country. They are currently recruiting for a Staff Nurse to join their dedicated nursing team. Duties involve administering medication, providing nurse care plus all other associated duties as required. You will supervise and train junior members of staff, and support the management team in the delivery of fist class care You will be RGN or RMN qualified, and hold a valid NMC pin. Newly qualified nurses will be supported with a full preceptorship. A full knowledge of CQC requirements is preferred. The role will be primarily days, working 3 long days per week, although you will be required to be flexible to night working. The hourly rate is up to **** per hour, dependent on experience. This is an excellent opportunity to join a purpose built care centre that offers great career advancement opportunities This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/StaffNurse_job****" "['nurse', 'newly', 'qualified', 'considered', 'stevenage', 'hertfordshire', 'hour', 'time', 'permanent', 'set', 'heart', 'hertfordshire', 'newly', 'built', 'hour', 'nursing', 'highly', 'qualified', 'caring', 'committed', 'professionals', 'finest', 'homes', 'country', 'recruiting', 'nurse', 'dedicated', 'nursing', 'duties', 'involve', 'administering', 'medication', 'providing', 'nurse', 'duties', 'supervise', 'train', 'junior', 'members', 'delivery', 'class', 'rgn', 'rmn', 'qualified', 'hold', 'valid', 'nmc', 'pin', 'newly', 'qualified', 'nurses', 'supported', 'preceptorship', 'cqc', 'requirements', 'preferred', 'primarily', 'days', 'long', 'days', 'week', 'flexible', 'night', 'hourly', 'rate', 'hour', 'dependent', 'purpose', 'built', 'centre', 'offers', 'great', 'career', 'advancement', 'opportunities', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Nurse Practitioners Require for locum Shifts
Webindex: 55278133
Description: Are you looking for Nurse Practitioner locum work? Chase Medical requires experienced Nurse Practitioners for locum shifts in Doncaster and Scunthorpe. We have shifts on both an adhoc and regular basis , with morning/afternoon and full day shifts available. Chase Medical is one of the UK’s leading agency’s that supplies locum, contract and permanent work to Nurse Practitioners and Practice Nurses. Working with Chase Medical you will experience: Competitive rates ranging ****  **** per hour including holiday pay Flexible times , allowing you to choose the shifts around your life style Great CPD for your CV, whether this is for future employment or just your own personal achievement Book shifts up to 6 months in advance You must be able to see, diagnose, treat and prescribe. A prescribing qualification is essential. Apply today and you could be taking shifts in 2 weeks. If you are interesting in flexible hours with great rates of pay, contact us immediately on: Email: infochasemedical.com Phone: **** **** **** and ask for Michael Alternatively, more information is available on our website: www.chasemedical.com" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00557.txt " Nurse Practitioners Require for locum Shifts" " 55278133"  " Are you looking for Nurse Practitioner locum work? Chase Medical requires experienced Nurse Practitioners for locum shifts in Doncaster and Scunthorpe. We have shifts on both an adhoc and regular basis , with morning/afternoon and full day shifts available. Chase Medical is one of the UK’s leading agency’s that supplies locum, contract and permanent work to Nurse Practitioners and Practice Nurses. Working with Chase Medical you will experience: Competitive rates ranging ****  **** per hour including holiday pay Flexible times , allowing you to choose the shifts around your life style Great CPD for your CV, whether this is for future employment or just your own personal achievement Book shifts up to 6 months in advance You must be able to see, diagnose, treat and prescribe. A prescribing qualification is essential. Apply today and you could be taking shifts in 2 weeks. If you are interesting in flexible hours with great rates of pay, contact us immediately on: Email: infochasemedical.com Phone: **** **** **** and ask for Michael Alternatively, more information is available on our website: www.chasemedical.com" "['nurse', 'practitioner', 'locum', 'chase', 'medical', 'requires', 'experienced', 'nurse', 'practitioners', 'locum', 'shifts', 'doncaster', 'scunthorpe', 'shifts', 'adhoc', 'regular', 'basis', 'morning', 'afternoon', 'day', 'shifts', 'chase', 'medical', 'agency', 'supplies', 'locum', 'contract', 'permanent', 'nurse', 'practitioners', 'practice', 'nurses', 'chase', 'medical', 'competitive', 'rates', 'ranging', 'hour', 'holiday', 'pay', 'flexible', 'times', 'allowing', 'choose', 'shifts', 'life', 'style', 'great', 'cpd', 'cv', 'future', 'employment', 'personal', 'achievement', 'book', 'shifts', 'months', 'advance', 'diagnose', 'treat', 'prescribe', 'prescribing', 'qualification', 'essential', 'today', 'taking', 'shifts', 'weeks', 'interesting', 'flexible', 'hours', 'great', 'rates', 'pay', 'contact', 'immediately', 'email', 'infochasemedical', 'phone', 'michael', 'alternatively', 'information', 'website', 'www', 'chasemedical']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Mechanical Maintenance Engineer
Webindex: 67442211
Company: Eco Plastics Ltd
Description: Job Title Mechanical Maintenance Engineer Location Lincolnshire Employer ECO Plastics Ltd Description Mechanical Maintenance Engineer Commutable from : Brigg, Caistor , Doncaster, Gainsborough, Grimsby, Lincoln, Market Rasen , Newark, Retford , Scunthorpe, Wragby . Salary and Benefits: **** **** , **** to ****  Overtime ****k  Bonus  20 days holiday  Annual Medical  Opportunity to join a s table and expanding industry  Work in a mode rn manufacturing environment  Chance to get involved in Continuous Improvement Projects Company Information: A m arket leading company who operate in a specialist market who supply to a wide array of different industries. The site has recently been built and is full of modern state of the art technology and machinery. To manage an increased volume of orders my client needs to add a further mechanical maintenance engineer to the existing team to work on a 4 on 4 off shift rota. You must have the following:  Must have experience working as Mech anical Maintenance Technician  Must have served a recognise d mechanical apprenticeship.  Must have s ome multi skilling capability  Must be prepared to work in a Fast Mov ing Consumer Good background  Must have some experience of PPM and/or TPM and Continuous Improvement Role Information: The role will be mechanically biased position and will vary from reacting to breakdowns, carrying out pre planned maintenance and working on projects. The candidate will be working on various equipment including conveyors, pumps, boilers, silos fans, pneumatics and hydraulics all within an automated environment. Although the role is predominantly mechanical a basic understanding of electrical fault finding would be useful. Job Type Full Time Start Date ASAP Contract Length Permanent" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00228.txt " Mechanical Maintenance Engineer" " 67442211" " Eco Plastics Ltd" " Job Title Mechanical Maintenance Engineer Location Lincolnshire Employer ECO Plastics Ltd Description Mechanical Maintenance Engineer Commutable from : Brigg, Caistor , Doncaster, Gainsborough, Grimsby, Lincoln, Market Rasen , Newark, Retford , Scunthorpe, Wragby . Salary and Benefits: **** **** , **** to ****  Overtime ****k  Bonus  20 days holiday  Annual Medical  Opportunity to join a s table and expanding industry  Work in a mode rn manufacturing environment  Chance to get involved in Continuous Improvement Projects Company Information: A m arket leading company who operate in a specialist market who supply to a wide array of different industries. The site has recently been built and is full of modern state of the art technology and machinery. To manage an increased volume of orders my client needs to add a further mechanical maintenance engineer to the existing team to work on a 4 on 4 off shift rota. You must have the following:  Must have experience working as Mech anical Maintenance Technician  Must have served a recognise d mechanical apprenticeship.  Must have s ome multi skilling capability  Must be prepared to work in a Fast Mov ing Consumer Good background  Must have some experience of PPM and/or TPM and Continuous Improvement Role Information: The role will be mechanically biased position and will vary from reacting to breakdowns, carrying out pre planned maintenance and working on projects. The candidate will be working on various equipment including conveyors, pumps, boilers, silos fans, pneumatics and hydraulics all within an automated environment. Although the role is predominantly mechanical a basic understanding of electrical fault finding would be useful. Job Type Full Time Start Date ASAP Contract Length Permanent" "['title', 'mechanical', 'maintenance', 'location', 'lincolnshire', 'employer', 'eco', 'plastics', 'description', 'mechanical', 'maintenance', 'commutable', 'doncaster', 'gainsborough', 'lincoln', 'market', 'newark', 'scunthorpe', 'benefits', 'overtime', 'bonus', 'days', 'holiday', 'annual', 'medical', 'table', 'expanding', 'industry', 'rn', 'manufacturing', 'environment', 'chance', 'involved', 'continuous', 'improvement', 'projects', 'information', 'operate', 'specialist', 'market', 'supply', 'wide', 'array', 'industries', 'site', 'recently', 'built', 'modern', 'state', 'art', 'technology', 'machinery', 'manage', 'increased', 'volume', 'orders', 'add', 'mechanical', 'maintenance', 'existing', 'shift', 'rota', 'maintenance', 'technician', 'served', 'recognise', 'mechanical', 'apprenticeship', 'multi', 'skilling', 'capability', 'prepared', 'fast', 'consumer', 'background', 'ppm', 'tpm', 'continuous', 'improvement', 'information', 'mechanically', 'biased', 'vary', 'breakdowns', 'carrying', 'pre', 'planned', 'maintenance', 'projects', 'equipment', 'conveyors', 'pumps', 'boilers', 'silos', 'pneumatics', 'hydraulics', 'automated', 'environment', 'predominantly', 'mechanical', 'basic', 'understanding', 'electrical', 'fault', 'finding', 'type', 'time', 'start', 'date', 'asap', 'contract', 'length', 'permanent']" Engineering
"Title: Business Development Manager
Webindex: 68814305
Company: BMS Recruitment
Description: Job Title Business Development Manager/Account Executive/BI Software Solutions, ****k Basic OTE ****k Skills New Business Sales, Software Sales, BI Solutions Salary ****k Basic OTE ****k uncapped, Car, Pension, Healthcare, Laptop, Mobile Location London, Reading, Guildford, St Albans, Woking The Company This sales organisation provides application software which gives their clients access to uptodate and indepth market intelligence, enabling them to understanding their market, competition and customer base which is vital to sales and business success. Such information assists in strategic decisionmaking, giving a competitive edge that provides a real return on software investment. This fast growing software firm has over ten years of history and is part of a worldwide group with a sales turnover in excess of 400 million. The Person They are looking for the following Key Skills: Strong sales experience, any software sales is beneficialDegree educated and polished individualYou must have a hunting attitude towards salesWork hard – play hard nature, highly consultative sales approach The Role This role is based from their London office and involves selling to a broad range of corporate endusers and then managing your sales accounts on an ongoing basis. You will be selling software and business ionformation to senior level executives, exploring their business needs and backselling the expertise of your organisation. Excellent training and opportunities to progress your sales career are on offer. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Please contact Hugh Strivens on **** **** or email bmsbmsit.com to discuss this and other unadvertised positions. www.bmsit.com BMS has been established for twenty years, specialising in providing solutions sales and presales professionals to the IT and Telecoms marketplace. Our approach is to listen to your needs and to provide a highvalue/low volume solution for all of your recruiting requirements." 3 data/Sales\Job_00628.txt " Business Development Manager" " 68814305" " BMS Recruitment" " Job Title Business Development Manager/Account Executive/BI Software Solutions, ****k Basic OTE ****k Skills New Business Sales, Software Sales, BI Solutions Salary ****k Basic OTE ****k uncapped, Car, Pension, Healthcare, Laptop, Mobile Location London, Reading, Guildford, St Albans, Woking The Company This sales organisation provides application software which gives their clients access to uptodate and indepth market intelligence, enabling them to understanding their market, competition and customer base which is vital to sales and business success. Such information assists in strategic decisionmaking, giving a competitive edge that provides a real return on software investment. This fast growing software firm has over ten years of history and is part of a worldwide group with a sales turnover in excess of 400 million. The Person They are looking for the following Key Skills: Strong sales experience, any software sales is beneficialDegree educated and polished individualYou must have a hunting attitude towards salesWork hard – play hard nature, highly consultative sales approach The Role This role is based from their London office and involves selling to a broad range of corporate endusers and then managing your sales accounts on an ongoing basis. You will be selling software and business ionformation to senior level executives, exploring their business needs and backselling the expertise of your organisation. Excellent training and opportunities to progress your sales career are on offer. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Please contact Hugh Strivens on **** **** or email bmsbmsit.com to discuss this and other unadvertised positions. www.bmsit.com BMS has been established for twenty years, specialising in providing solutions sales and presales professionals to the IT and Telecoms marketplace. Our approach is to listen to your needs and to provide a highvalue/low volume solution for all of your recruiting requirements." "['title', 'account', 'executive', 'bi', 'software', 'solutions', 'basic', 'ote', 'software', 'bi', 'solutions', 'basic', 'ote', 'uncapped', 'car', 'pension', 'healthcare', 'laptop', 'mobile', 'location', 'london', 'reading', 'guildford', 'st', 'albans', 'woking', 'organisation', 'application', 'software', 'access', 'uptodate', 'indepth', 'market', 'intelligence', 'enabling', 'understanding', 'market', 'competition', 'base', 'vital', 'success', 'information', 'assists', 'strategic', 'decisionmaking', 'giving', 'competitive', 'edge', 'real', 'return', 'software', 'investment', 'fast', 'growing', 'software', 'firm', 'ten', 'years', 'history', 'part', 'worldwide', 'group', 'turnover', 'excess', 'million', 'person', 'key', 'software', 'educated', 'polished', 'hunting', 'attitude', 'hard', 'play', 'hard', 'nature', 'highly', 'consultative', 'approach', 'london', 'office', 'involves', 'selling', 'broad', 'range', 'corporate', 'endusers', 'managing', 'accounts', 'ongoing', 'basis', 'selling', 'software', 'senior', 'level', 'executives', 'exploring', 'expertise', 'organisation', 'opportunities', 'progress', 'career', 'offer', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'live', 'contact', 'hugh', 'strivens', 'email', 'bmsbmsit', 'discuss', 'unadvertised', 'positions', 'www', 'bmsit', 'bms', 'established', 'twenty', 'years', 'specialising', 'providing', 'solutions', 'presales', 'professionals', 'telecoms', 'marketplace', 'approach', 'listen', 'highvalue', 'low', 'volume', 'solution', 'recruiting', 'requirements']" Sales
"Title: Mechanical Fitter
Webindex: 69250944
Company: Rullion Engineering Ltd
Description: Mechanical Fitter A Mechanical Fitter with HVAC experience is required to work on a long term contract for a large transportation company based in Manchester. My client is looking for people with experience of working in the Rail Industry, specifically on rolling stock. However they will consider people with HGV or Aircraft, Air Conditioning, Buses, or Army Vehicle experience. You will be required to work **** hours a week Monday  Friday on **** hour shifts and the pay rate for this role is **** per hour through a ltd or umbrella company. They are looking for someone to start immediately and the contract will run until May. Previous experience of working on HVAC is essential for this role and applicants will need to have either City Guilds **** Level 3 Award in Basic Mobile Air Conditioning / Diagnosis and Repair of Mobile Air Conditioning/Climate Control Systems or City Guilds **** Level 3 Certificate in Mobile Air Conditioning Systems. Reporting to the Production Manager, you will be a senior team member, servicing, maintaining and repairing locomotives and HVAC units to laiddown specifications. Within the team you will ensure that traction and rolling stock are serviced and maintained in a safe, efficient and cost effective manner whilst constantly seeking to improve quality. You will be required to:  Build railway equipment assemblies in line with drawing and process specification  Operate as a member of a work team, as the role of that work team requires  Participate in Company Initiatives, in particular to be engaged in Continuous Improvement (Kaizen) activity  Submit problem sheets which detail solutions to problems / issues encountered on work being undertaken  Provide on the job training to less experienced colleagues as requested  Maintain good housekeeping within the working area Key skills and requirements for the role include:  Timeserved apprenticeship in a relevant discipline  City Guilds **** Level 3 Award in Basic Mobile Air Conditioning or City Guilds **** Level 3 Certificate in Mobile Air Conditioning Systems.  Solid experience of HVAC products  Able to act as a member of a multidisciplined team  Developed analytical and problem solving skills  Strong interpersonal skills  Work on own initiative where required  Good judgement and decisionmaking capability" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00034.txt " Mechanical Fitter" " 69250944" " Rullion Engineering Ltd" " Mechanical Fitter A Mechanical Fitter with HVAC experience is required to work on a long term contract for a large transportation company based in Manchester. My client is looking for people with experience of working in the Rail Industry, specifically on rolling stock. However they will consider people with HGV or Aircraft, Air Conditioning, Buses, or Army Vehicle experience. You will be required to work **** hours a week Monday  Friday on **** hour shifts and the pay rate for this role is **** per hour through a ltd or umbrella company. They are looking for someone to start immediately and the contract will run until May. Previous experience of working on HVAC is essential for this role and applicants will need to have either City Guilds **** Level 3 Award in Basic Mobile Air Conditioning / Diagnosis and Repair of Mobile Air Conditioning/Climate Control Systems or City Guilds **** Level 3 Certificate in Mobile Air Conditioning Systems. Reporting to the Production Manager, you will be a senior team member, servicing, maintaining and repairing locomotives and HVAC units to laiddown specifications. Within the team you will ensure that traction and rolling stock are serviced and maintained in a safe, efficient and cost effective manner whilst constantly seeking to improve quality. You will be required to:  Build railway equipment assemblies in line with drawing and process specification  Operate as a member of a work team, as the role of that work team requires  Participate in Company Initiatives, in particular to be engaged in Continuous Improvement (Kaizen) activity  Submit problem sheets which detail solutions to problems / issues encountered on work being undertaken  Provide on the job training to less experienced colleagues as requested  Maintain good housekeeping within the working area Key skills and requirements for the role include:  Timeserved apprenticeship in a relevant discipline  City Guilds **** Level 3 Award in Basic Mobile Air Conditioning or City Guilds **** Level 3 Certificate in Mobile Air Conditioning Systems.  Solid experience of HVAC products  Able to act as a member of a multidisciplined team  Developed analytical and problem solving skills  Strong interpersonal skills  Work on own initiative where required  Good judgement and decisionmaking capability" "['mechanical', 'fitter', 'mechanical', 'fitter', 'hvac', 'long', 'term', 'contract', 'large', 'transportation', 'manchester', 'people', 'rail', 'industry', 'specifically', 'rolling', 'stock', 'people', 'hgv', 'aircraft', 'air', 'conditioning', 'vehicle', 'hours', 'week', 'monday', 'friday', 'hour', 'shifts', 'pay', 'rate', 'hour', 'umbrella', 'start', 'immediately', 'contract', 'run', 'previous', 'hvac', 'essential', 'applicants', 'city', 'guilds', 'level', 'award', 'basic', 'mobile', 'air', 'conditioning', 'diagnosis', 'repair', 'mobile', 'air', 'conditioning', 'climate', 'control', 'city', 'guilds', 'level', 'certificate', 'mobile', 'air', 'conditioning', 'reporting', 'production', 'senior', 'member', 'servicing', 'maintaining', 'repairing', 'locomotives', 'hvac', 'units', 'specifications', 'traction', 'rolling', 'stock', 'serviced', 'maintained', 'safe', 'efficient', 'cost', 'effective', 'manner', 'whilst', 'constantly', 'seeking', 'improve', 'quality', 'build', 'railway', 'equipment', 'assemblies', 'line', 'drawing', 'process', 'specification', 'operate', 'member', 'requires', 'participate', 'initiatives', 'engaged', 'continuous', 'improvement', 'activity', 'submit', 'problem', 'sheets', 'detail', 'solutions', 'problems', 'issues', 'undertaken', 'experienced', 'colleagues', 'requested', 'maintain', 'housekeeping', 'area', 'key', 'requirements', 'include', 'timeserved', 'apprenticeship', 'relevant', 'discipline', 'city', 'guilds', 'level', 'award', 'basic', 'mobile', 'air', 'conditioning', 'city', 'guilds', 'level', 'certificate', 'mobile', 'air', 'conditioning', 'solid', 'hvac', 'products', 'act', 'member', 'multidisciplined', 'developed', 'analytical', 'problem', 'solving', 'interpersonal', 'initiative', 'judgement', 'decisionmaking', 'capability']" Engineering
"Title: Accounts Senior/Portfolio Manager
Webindex: 68669224
Company: Compass Point Recruitment
Description: Accounts Senior / Portfolio Manager ****  **** Bury St Edmunds Local Professional Accountancy firm is seeking an ACA/ACCA qualified candidate (or equivalent) with extensive previous experience within Practice preferably from a general practice background. You will be responsible for working as an Accounts Senior supporting the general practice and corporate services groups responsible for a portfolio of clients including unincorporated businesses and limited companies. A good working knowledge of business and personal tax will be required. Some experience of corporate services, including audit will be beneficial but additional training will be provided. You will be reporting direct to senior managers with responsibility for training and supervision of junior staff and working within a team when required. The role will include direct client contact. You will need to be an ACA or ACCA (or equivalent) Qualified Accountant and have significant previous Practice experience. A full range of IT skills is essential. This role would suit an individual looking for their next career move who wishes to further develop their professional skills. A full internal training programme is provided covering technical and personal skills. There is the opportunity to progress further within the firm. If this role appeals to you, please apply today Compass Point Recruitment has a number of similar permanent accountancy jobs. For more information on jobs of this type please visit our website, where you will find sales jobs, accountancy jobs, industrial jobs, warehouse jobs, admin jobs, customer service jobs, PA jobs, secretary jobs and marketing jobs. We offer a catchment area of **** miles of our Bury St Edmunds office covering: Bury St. Edmunds, Stowmarket, Newmarket, Needham Market, Sudbury, Haverhill, Mildenhall, Thetford, Ipswich and others within Suffolk, Cambridgeshire, Essex, Norfolk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountsSeniorPortfolioManager_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00258.txt " Accounts Senior/Portfolio Manager" " 68669224" " Compass Point Recruitment" " Accounts Senior / Portfolio Manager ****  **** Bury St Edmunds Local Professional Accountancy firm is seeking an ACA/ACCA qualified candidate (or equivalent) with extensive previous experience within Practice preferably from a general practice background. You will be responsible for working as an Accounts Senior supporting the general practice and corporate services groups responsible for a portfolio of clients including unincorporated businesses and limited companies. A good working knowledge of business and personal tax will be required. Some experience of corporate services, including audit will be beneficial but additional training will be provided. You will be reporting direct to senior managers with responsibility for training and supervision of junior staff and working within a team when required. The role will include direct client contact. You will need to be an ACA or ACCA (or equivalent) Qualified Accountant and have significant previous Practice experience. A full range of IT skills is essential. This role would suit an individual looking for their next career move who wishes to further develop their professional skills. A full internal training programme is provided covering technical and personal skills. There is the opportunity to progress further within the firm. If this role appeals to you, please apply today Compass Point Recruitment has a number of similar permanent accountancy jobs. For more information on jobs of this type please visit our website, where you will find sales jobs, accountancy jobs, industrial jobs, warehouse jobs, admin jobs, customer service jobs, PA jobs, secretary jobs and marketing jobs. We offer a catchment area of **** miles of our Bury St Edmunds office covering: Bury St. Edmunds, Stowmarket, Newmarket, Needham Market, Sudbury, Haverhill, Mildenhall, Thetford, Ipswich and others within Suffolk, Cambridgeshire, Essex, Norfolk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountsSeniorPortfolioManager_job****" "['accounts', 'senior', 'portfolio', 'bury', 'st', 'edmunds', 'local', 'professional', 'accountancy', 'firm', 'seeking', 'aca', 'acca', 'qualified', 'equivalent', 'extensive', 'previous', 'practice', 'preferably', 'general', 'practice', 'background', 'responsible', 'accounts', 'senior', 'supporting', 'general', 'practice', 'corporate', 'groups', 'responsible', 'portfolio', 'businesses', 'limited', 'companies', 'personal', 'tax', 'corporate', 'audit', 'beneficial', 'additional', 'provided', 'reporting', 'direct', 'senior', 'managers', 'responsibility', 'supervision', 'junior', 'include', 'direct', 'contact', 'aca', 'acca', 'equivalent', 'qualified', 'accountant', 'significant', 'previous', 'practice', 'range', 'essential', 'suit', 'individual', 'career', 'move', 'wishes', 'develop', 'professional', 'internal', 'programme', 'provided', 'covering', 'technical', 'personal', 'progress', 'firm', 'today', 'compass', 'point', 'number', 'similar', 'permanent', 'accountancy', 'jobs', 'information', 'jobs', 'type', 'visit', 'website', 'find', 'jobs', 'accountancy', 'jobs', 'industrial', 'jobs', 'warehouse', 'jobs', 'admin', 'jobs', 'jobs', 'pa', 'jobs', 'secretary', 'jobs', 'marketing', 'jobs', 'offer', 'area', 'miles', 'bury', 'st', 'edmunds', 'office', 'covering', 'bury', 'st', 'edmunds', 'newmarket', 'market', 'haverhill', 'thetford', 'ipswich', 'suffolk', 'cambridgeshire', 'essex', 'norfolk', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Maintenance Engineer
Webindex: 66298393
Company: Ellis Personnel
Description: An exciting opportunity has arisen for a dynamic multi disciplined Maintenance Engineer to support the day to day running of our clients factory. The ideal candidate will have several years experience with a very strong electrical bias with experience of industrial electronic control or control instrumentation in an industrial manufacturing environment. Role description: Support all mechanical and electrical engineering aspects of the company s activities. Routine maintenance of equipment and facility services, fault finding and repair of equipment and services. Assist in the development of processes, suggesting and presenting engineering modifications to equipment that will improve manufacturing performance. Analyse equipment failures and suggest cost effective improvements to limit future failures. Person specification: The ideal candidate will have the following skills and experience: Commercially aware of cost on the business of equipment failure. Excellent time management skills and ability to prioritise resources Fabrication skills Fault analysis skills An understanding of hydraulics and Pneumatics Experience of industrial plant, air compressors, chillers, AHU s, clean rooms, extraction systems and effluent treatment. PLC controlled equipment. CNC controlled equipment. Experience of installing equipment. Industrial control techniques. Spare part acquisition and cost control. Salary package: Excellent reward package plus benefits To apply for this Maintenance Engineer vacancy, please send us your CV and one of our consultants will contact you ASAP" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00175.txt " Maintenance Engineer" " 66298393" " Ellis Personnel" " An exciting opportunity has arisen for a dynamic multi disciplined Maintenance Engineer to support the day to day running of our clients factory. The ideal candidate will have several years experience with a very strong electrical bias with experience of industrial electronic control or control instrumentation in an industrial manufacturing environment. Role description: Support all mechanical and electrical engineering aspects of the company s activities. Routine maintenance of equipment and facility services, fault finding and repair of equipment and services. Assist in the development of processes, suggesting and presenting engineering modifications to equipment that will improve manufacturing performance. Analyse equipment failures and suggest cost effective improvements to limit future failures. Person specification: The ideal candidate will have the following skills and experience: Commercially aware of cost on the business of equipment failure. Excellent time management skills and ability to prioritise resources Fabrication skills Fault analysis skills An understanding of hydraulics and Pneumatics Experience of industrial plant, air compressors, chillers, AHU s, clean rooms, extraction systems and effluent treatment. PLC controlled equipment. CNC controlled equipment. Experience of installing equipment. Industrial control techniques. Spare part acquisition and cost control. Salary package: Excellent reward package plus benefits To apply for this Maintenance Engineer vacancy, please send us your CV and one of our consultants will contact you ASAP" "['exciting', 'arisen', 'dynamic', 'multi', 'disciplined', 'maintenance', 'day', 'day', 'running', 'factory', 'ideal', 'years', 'electrical', 'bias', 'industrial', 'electronic', 'control', 'control', 'instrumentation', 'industrial', 'manufacturing', 'environment', 'description', 'mechanical', 'electrical', 'aspects', 'activities', 'routine', 'maintenance', 'equipment', 'facility', 'fault', 'finding', 'repair', 'equipment', 'assist', 'processes', 'presenting', 'modifications', 'equipment', 'improve', 'manufacturing', 'performance', 'analyse', 'equipment', 'failures', 'suggest', 'cost', 'effective', 'improvements', 'limit', 'future', 'failures', 'person', 'specification', 'ideal', 'commercially', 'aware', 'cost', 'equipment', 'failure', 'time', 'prioritise', 'resources', 'fabrication', 'fault', 'analysis', 'understanding', 'hydraulics', 'pneumatics', 'industrial', 'plant', 'air', 'compressors', 'ahu', 'clean', 'rooms', 'treatment', 'plc', 'controlled', 'equipment', 'cnc', 'controlled', 'equipment', 'installing', 'equipment', 'industrial', 'control', 'techniques', 'spare', 'part', 'acquisition', 'cost', 'control', 'package', 'reward', 'package', 'benefits', 'maintenance', 'vacancy', 'send', 'cv', 'consultants', 'contact', 'asap']" Engineering
"Title: Commercial Research Administrator
Webindex: 68718720
Company: NHS Tayside
Description: Tayside Medical Science Centre Commercial Research Team Ninewells Hospital, Dundee Commercial Research Administrator  Band 6 Fixed Term/(Secondment for internal applicants) – for 12 months Salary Scale : ****  **** per annum pro rata A vacancy has arisen for an individual to join the Commercial Team within TASC. This role will provide further capacity for a growing team workload. You will be required to help meet key business plan objectives which will support the delivery of, Scottish Government Health Directorate, Chief Scientist Office (CSO) metrics all in relation to Industry Sponsored research. You will be an effective team member, interacting with key stakeholders and customers from the pharmaceutical and CRO industry. You will have well developed communication skills, along with excellent numeracy and MS Office skills. You will have the ability to prioritise numerous projects and achieve tight deadlines under pressure, with knowledge and experience of clinical research, in either an Industrial or University/NHS environment. The successful candidate will have qualifications or equivalent experience to degree and/or postgraduate level. Knowledge of financial procedures, project/programme management skills are required. Experience of contract reviewing or possible specialist legal knowledge would be desirable. You will be required to achieve the mandatory Induction standards for Healthcare Support Workers in Scotland and to comply with the Code of Conduct throughout your employment. Informal enquiries to Cameron Glen, Commercial Research Manager, Level 3, Residency Block, Ninewells Hospital & Medical School,  Email: c.glendundee.ac.uk Written approval must be sought from your line manager prior to applying for this secondment. You will be required to bring this if shortlisted for interview. Hours of work are: 22.5 hours per week with flexible working hours (the successful candidate will employed by NHS Tayside) Please download the full application pack from www.jobs.scot.nhs.uk Internal applicants: please download the application pack from Staffnet. Please read the Important Job Application Information in the Information for Applicants section. Completed applications should be returned to recruitment.taysidenhs.net (quoting the job reference number in the subject box) or to Workforce Services, NHS Tayside, Management Offices, Perth Royal Infirmary, Perth, PH1 1NX Shortlisted applicants will be contacted by email. Please check your emails regularly. Please quote reference number – P/EB/**** Closing date for receipt of completed application forms – Friday, 1 February 2013 Employer details: Not Specified" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00472.txt " Commercial Research Administrator" " 68718720" " NHS Tayside" " Tayside Medical Science Centre Commercial Research Team Ninewells Hospital, Dundee Commercial Research Administrator  Band 6 Fixed Term/(Secondment for internal applicants) – for 12 months Salary Scale : ****  **** per annum pro rata A vacancy has arisen for an individual to join the Commercial Team within TASC. This role will provide further capacity for a growing team workload. You will be required to help meet key business plan objectives which will support the delivery of, Scottish Government Health Directorate, Chief Scientist Office (CSO) metrics all in relation to Industry Sponsored research. You will be an effective team member, interacting with key stakeholders and customers from the pharmaceutical and CRO industry. You will have well developed communication skills, along with excellent numeracy and MS Office skills. You will have the ability to prioritise numerous projects and achieve tight deadlines under pressure, with knowledge and experience of clinical research, in either an Industrial or University/NHS environment. The successful candidate will have qualifications or equivalent experience to degree and/or postgraduate level. Knowledge of financial procedures, project/programme management skills are required. Experience of contract reviewing or possible specialist legal knowledge would be desirable. You will be required to achieve the mandatory Induction standards for Healthcare Support Workers in Scotland and to comply with the Code of Conduct throughout your employment. Informal enquiries to Cameron Glen, Commercial Research Manager, Level 3, Residency Block, Ninewells Hospital & Medical School,  Email: c.glendundee.ac.uk Written approval must be sought from your line manager prior to applying for this secondment. You will be required to bring this if shortlisted for interview. Hours of work are: 22.5 hours per week with flexible working hours (the successful candidate will employed by NHS Tayside) Please download the full application pack from www.jobs.scot.nhs.uk Internal applicants: please download the application pack from Staffnet. Please read the Important Job Application Information in the Information for Applicants section. Completed applications should be returned to recruitment.taysidenhs.net (quoting the job reference number in the subject box) or to Workforce Services, NHS Tayside, Management Offices, Perth Royal Infirmary, Perth, PH1 1NX Shortlisted applicants will be contacted by email. Please check your emails regularly. Please quote reference number – P/EB/**** Closing date for receipt of completed application forms – Friday, 1 February 2013 Employer details: Not Specified" "['tayside', 'medical', 'science', 'centre', 'commercial', 'research', 'ninewells', 'hospital', 'dundee', 'commercial', 'research', 'administrator', 'band', 'fixed', 'term', 'secondment', 'internal', 'applicants', 'months', 'scale', 'annum', 'pro', 'rata', 'vacancy', 'arisen', 'individual', 'commercial', 'capacity', 'growing', 'workload', 'meet', 'key', 'plan', 'objectives', 'delivery', 'scottish', 'government', 'health', 'chief', 'office', 'metrics', 'relation', 'industry', 'research', 'effective', 'member', 'interacting', 'key', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'pharmaceutical', 'industry', 'developed', 'communication', 'numeracy', 'ms', 'office', 'prioritise', 'numerous', 'projects', 'achieve', 'tight', 'deadlines', 'pressure', 'clinical', 'research', 'industrial', 'university', 'nhs', 'environment', 'qualifications', 'equivalent', 'degree', 'postgraduate', 'level', 'procedures', 'project', 'programme', 'contract', 'reviewing', 'specialist', 'legal', 'desirable', 'achieve', 'mandatory', 'induction', 'standards', 'healthcare', 'workers', 'scotland', 'comply', 'code', 'conduct', 'employment', 'informal', 'enquiries', 'glen', 'commercial', 'research', 'level', 'ninewells', 'hospital', 'medical', 'school', 'email', 'ac', 'written', 'approval', 'sought', 'line', 'prior', 'applying', 'secondment', 'bring', 'shortlisted', 'interview', 'hours', 'hours', 'week', 'flexible', 'hours', 'employed', 'nhs', 'tayside', 'download', 'application', 'pack', 'www', 'jobs', 'scot', 'nhs', 'internal', 'applicants', 'download', 'application', 'pack', 'read', 'important', 'application', 'information', 'information', 'applicants', 'section', 'completed', 'applications', 'returned', 'net', 'quoting', 'reference', 'number', 'subject', 'box', 'workforce', 'nhs', 'tayside', 'offices', 'perth', 'royal', 'perth', 'ph', 'shortlisted', 'applicants', 'contacted', 'email', 'check', 'emails', 'regularly', 'quote', 'reference', 'number', 'closing', 'date', 'receipt', 'completed', 'application', 'forms', 'friday', 'february', 'employer', 'details']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Retail Energy Expert
Webindex: 71184796
Company: British Gas
Description: Job Description Sales Advisor OUR CUSTOMERS SPEND LESS, YOU EARN MORE Launch your career by helping us reduce our customers' energy bills 30k OTE with uncapped commission scheme ****k basic  **** London weighting within M25 plus pension, share scheme, Flexsa, Perkz and holidays Full training provided on our products and services Permanent full time (**** hour) and part time (**** hour) contracts The best way to reduce your energy bill is to use less energy. As a Retail Energy Expert, you will advise current and potential customers on reducing their energy consumption. Based in a Sainsbury's store, you will be fully trained to provide compliant and relevant advice relating to our entire range of products and services, i.e. from insulation to solar panels and central heating. In return for your dedication, we offer a competitive basic salary and uncapped package with all the benefits of working for British Gas, the established brand of a Top 30 FTSE 100 company. Your stand is fully portable and will be your responsibility, hence we do request that you own your own car and have less than **** points on your licence. To launch your career with us, simply click the apply button below and complete the questions  we look forward to hearing from you. If working part time please be prepared to work a Saturday and Sunday plus one day in the week Contact for further details Sales Recruitment Team **** **** **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RetailEnergyExpert_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00737.txt " Retail Energy Expert" " 71184796" " British Gas" " Job Description Sales Advisor OUR CUSTOMERS SPEND LESS, YOU EARN MORE Launch your career by helping us reduce our customers' energy bills 30k OTE with uncapped commission scheme ****k basic  **** London weighting within M25 plus pension, share scheme, Flexsa, Perkz and holidays Full training provided on our products and services Permanent full time (**** hour) and part time (**** hour) contracts The best way to reduce your energy bill is to use less energy. As a Retail Energy Expert, you will advise current and potential customers on reducing their energy consumption. Based in a Sainsbury's store, you will be fully trained to provide compliant and relevant advice relating to our entire range of products and services, i.e. from insulation to solar panels and central heating. In return for your dedication, we offer a competitive basic salary and uncapped package with all the benefits of working for British Gas, the established brand of a Top 30 FTSE 100 company. Your stand is fully portable and will be your responsibility, hence we do request that you own your own car and have less than **** points on your licence. To launch your career with us, simply click the apply button below and complete the questions  we look forward to hearing from you. If working part time please be prepared to work a Saturday and Sunday plus one day in the week Contact for further details Sales Recruitment Team **** **** **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RetailEnergyExpert_job****" "['description', 'advisor', 'customers', 'spend', 'earn', 'launch', 'career', 'helping', 'reduce', 'customers', 'energy', 'bills', 'ote', 'uncapped', 'commission', 'scheme', 'basic', 'london', 'weighting', 'pension', 'share', 'scheme', 'holidays', 'provided', 'products', 'permanent', 'time', 'hour', 'part', 'time', 'hour', 'contracts', 'reduce', 'energy', 'energy', 'retail', 'energy', 'expert', 'advise', 'current', 'potential', 'customers', 'reducing', 'energy', ""sainsbury's"", 'store', 'fully', 'trained', 'compliant', 'relevant', 'advice', 'relating', 'entire', 'range', 'products', 'panels', 'central', 'heating', 'return', 'dedication', 'offer', 'competitive', 'basic', 'uncapped', 'package', 'benefits', 'british', 'gas', 'established', 'brand', 'top', 'ftse', 'stand', 'fully', 'portable', 'responsibility', 'request', 'car', 'points', 'licence', 'launch', 'career', 'simply', 'click', 'button', 'complete', 'questions', 'forward', 'hearing', 'part', 'time', 'prepared', 'saturday', 'sunday', 'day', 'week', 'contact', 'details', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Manufacturing Engineer
Webindex: 71369502
Company: Adecco
Description: Adecco are currently seeking a manufacturing engineer (emech) to join our clients team based in Luton. The primary focus of the role will be ensuring that the engineering function produces service levels capable of achieving timely delivery and complete customer satisfaction. Responsibilities will include:  Accurate planning and project control throughout  Identifying critical path issues  Following approved manufacturing practices and processes and suggest improvements  Support all types of customer requirements from prototype through to volume output  Assist with Quote V Actual performance analysis & improvement planning  Analyse, devise and drive through changes to manufacturing processes  Focus engineering activities to ensure timely, faultfree product delivery to meet and exceed customer expectation  Production engineering  Process engineering  Ensure that the agreed NPI process is followed Thorough knowledge of electro mechanical components and assembly is required for this role, along with a strong understanding of the manufacturing environment. Experience in a similar role is required. Adecco are a equal opportunities employer and are acting as an employment agency for this role. Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00160.txt " Manufacturing Engineer" " 71369502" " Adecco" " Adecco are currently seeking a manufacturing engineer (emech) to join our clients team based in Luton. The primary focus of the role will be ensuring that the engineering function produces service levels capable of achieving timely delivery and complete customer satisfaction. Responsibilities will include:  Accurate planning and project control throughout  Identifying critical path issues  Following approved manufacturing practices and processes and suggest improvements  Support all types of customer requirements from prototype through to volume output  Assist with Quote V Actual performance analysis & improvement planning  Analyse, devise and drive through changes to manufacturing processes  Focus engineering activities to ensure timely, faultfree product delivery to meet and exceed customer expectation  Production engineering  Process engineering  Ensure that the agreed NPI process is followed Thorough knowledge of electro mechanical components and assembly is required for this role, along with a strong understanding of the manufacturing environment. Experience in a similar role is required. Adecco are a equal opportunities employer and are acting as an employment agency for this role. Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy" "['adecco', 'seeking', 'manufacturing', 'luton', 'primary', 'focus', 'ensuring', 'function', 'produces', 'levels', 'capable', 'achieving', 'timely', 'delivery', 'complete', 'satisfaction', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'accurate', 'planning', 'project', 'control', 'identifying', 'critical', 'path', 'issues', 'approved', 'manufacturing', 'practices', 'processes', 'suggest', 'improvements', 'types', 'requirements', 'prototype', 'volume', 'output', 'assist', 'quote', 'actual', 'performance', 'analysis', 'improvement', 'planning', 'analyse', 'devise', 'drive', 'manufacturing', 'processes', 'focus', 'activities', 'timely', 'product', 'delivery', 'meet', 'exceed', 'expectation', 'production', 'process', 'agreed', 'process', 'electro', 'mechanical', 'components', 'assembly', 'understanding', 'manufacturing', 'environment', 'similar', 'adecco', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'adecco', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'vacancy']" Engineering
"Title: Finance Manager
Webindex: 69073629
Company: Accountancy Action Ltd
Description: Excellent opportunity to join our client, an expanding business based in Letchworth, who are looking to recruit an ACA qualified Accountant to head up its small finance team. Reporting to the Finance Director, you'll assume day to day responsibility for managing and developing the team, ensuring the timely completion of all statutory and management reporting • Monthly management accounting • Budgeting and Forecasting • Annual statutory accounts • Managing a small finance function You're ACA qualified with previous management experience and have strong technical and interpersonal skills. This role may well suit someone who is looking to make their first move out of practice." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00235.txt " Finance Manager" " 69073629" " Accountancy Action Ltd" " Excellent opportunity to join our client, an expanding business based in Letchworth, who are looking to recruit an ACA qualified Accountant to head up its small finance team. Reporting to the Finance Director, you'll assume day to day responsibility for managing and developing the team, ensuring the timely completion of all statutory and management reporting • Monthly management accounting • Budgeting and Forecasting • Annual statutory accounts • Managing a small finance function You're ACA qualified with previous management experience and have strong technical and interpersonal skills. This role may well suit someone who is looking to make their first move out of practice." "['expanding', 'recruit', 'aca', 'qualified', 'accountant', 'head', 'small', 'finance', 'reporting', 'finance', 'director', 'assume', 'day', 'day', 'responsibility', 'managing', 'developing', 'ensuring', 'timely', 'completion', 'statutory', 'reporting', 'monthly', 'accounting', 'budgeting', 'forecasting', 'annual', 'statutory', 'accounts', 'managing', 'small', 'finance', 'function', 'aca', 'qualified', 'previous', 'technical', 'interpersonal', 'suit', 'make', 'move', 'practice']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Regulatory Policy Manager
Webindex: 71674555
Company: Michael Page Financial Services
Description: As a Regulatory Policy Manager at a leading Financial Services organisation based in London you`ll be responsible for:  Provide advice and guidance to GMO FIN and sites on regulatory treatment of transactions  Liaise with industry and peer bank on implementation issues  Brief senior management and businesses on Basel **** issues Other  Review transactions under GSM process for regulatory clearance  Review discussion and consultation papers issued by FSA  Provide support to ensure the integrity of the Group`s external reporting, which impacts investor relations  Provide support and advise to Government and Investor relations.  Assist in documenting on a case by case basis, a summary of key decisions/requirements or  Jobholder should be a qualified Accountant with post qualification experience  Jobholder should have extensive financial sector knowledge  Jobholder should have extensive regulatory experience  Ability to remain independent / impartial and ensure guidance is given in the letter and spirit of the law  Ability to interpret and apply regulations across multiple regions and business lines  Ability to disseminate findings and conclusions to relevant audience in a concise and timely manner  Ability to challenge business and sites to ensure regulations are adhered to in both letter and spirit  Ability to manage conflicting timelines and individuals with pressures / a A leading Financial Services organisation based in London. **** Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegulatoryPolicyManager_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00366.txt " Regulatory Policy Manager" " 71674555" " Michael Page Financial Services" " As a Regulatory Policy Manager at a leading Financial Services organisation based in London you`ll be responsible for:  Provide advice and guidance to GMO FIN and sites on regulatory treatment of transactions  Liaise with industry and peer bank on implementation issues  Brief senior management and businesses on Basel **** issues Other  Review transactions under GSM process for regulatory clearance  Review discussion and consultation papers issued by FSA  Provide support to ensure the integrity of the Group`s external reporting, which impacts investor relations  Provide support and advise to Government and Investor relations.  Assist in documenting on a case by case basis, a summary of key decisions/requirements or  Jobholder should be a qualified Accountant with post qualification experience  Jobholder should have extensive financial sector knowledge  Jobholder should have extensive regulatory experience  Ability to remain independent / impartial and ensure guidance is given in the letter and spirit of the law  Ability to interpret and apply regulations across multiple regions and business lines  Ability to disseminate findings and conclusions to relevant audience in a concise and timely manner  Ability to challenge business and sites to ensure regulations are adhered to in both letter and spirit  Ability to manage conflicting timelines and individuals with pressures / a A leading Financial Services organisation based in London. **** Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegulatoryPolicyManager_job****" "['regulatory', 'policy', 'organisation', 'london', 'll', 'responsible', 'advice', 'guidance', 'sites', 'regulatory', 'treatment', 'transactions', 'liaise', 'industry', 'peer', 'bank', 'implementation', 'issues', 'senior', 'businesses', 'basel', 'issues', 'review', 'transactions', 'gsm', 'process', 'regulatory', 'clearance', 'review', 'discussion', 'consultation', 'papers', 'issued', 'fsa', 'integrity', 'group', 'external', 'reporting', 'impacts', 'investor', 'relations', 'advise', 'government', 'investor', 'relations', 'assist', 'documenting', 'case', 'case', 'basis', 'summary', 'key', 'decisions', 'requirements', 'jobholder', 'qualified', 'accountant', 'post', 'qualification', 'jobholder', 'extensive', 'sector', 'jobholder', 'extensive', 'regulatory', 'remain', 'independent', 'impartial', 'guidance', 'letter', 'spirit', 'law', 'interpret', 'regulations', 'multiple', 'regions', 'lines', 'disseminate', 'findings', 'relevant', 'audience', 'concise', 'timely', 'manner', 'challenge', 'sites', 'regulations', 'adhered', 'letter', 'spirit', 'manage', 'conflicting', 'timelines', 'individuals', 'organisation', 'london', 'application', 'reviewed', 'michael', 'page', 'aware', 'receive', 'volume', 'applications', 'advertised', 'regularly', 'receive', 'applications', 'candidates', 'exceed', 'credentials', 'contact', 'days', 'selected', 'interview', 'specific', 'qualifications', 'account', 'overseas', 'equivalents', 'michael', 'page', 'world', 'consultancy', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: ****D CAD Design Engineer (Metalwork / Packaging)
Webindex: 72691194
Company: Cordius Ltd
Description: ****D CAD Design Engineer (Metalwork/Packaging) The company are a tier**** aerospace equipment supplier and aircraft manufacturer. Created in **** they are an international and independent intermediatesized company. Operating as a European integrated equipment and services supplier, the Group specializes in key hightech sectors such as Aerospace and Defence. Location: Derby Salary: ****  package Design Engineer: You will liaise with their customer to identify suitable packaging requirements for the transportation and storage of high value aerospace components. You will assist in achieving company goals in the products they supply. You will design, quote and oversee prototype production packaging, test, validate and provide technical drawings to initiate production. Experience in ****D CAD design using Autodesk Inventor or similar is essential. Ideally mechanically qualified or equivalent you will have an engineering background along with experience in ****D CAD." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00135.txt " ****D CAD Design Engineer (Metalwork / Packaging)" " 72691194" " Cordius Ltd" " ****D CAD Design Engineer (Metalwork/Packaging) The company are a tier**** aerospace equipment supplier and aircraft manufacturer. Created in **** they are an international and independent intermediatesized company. Operating as a European integrated equipment and services supplier, the Group specializes in key hightech sectors such as Aerospace and Defence. Location: Derby Salary: ****  package Design Engineer: You will liaise with their customer to identify suitable packaging requirements for the transportation and storage of high value aerospace components. You will assist in achieving company goals in the products they supply. You will design, quote and oversee prototype production packaging, test, validate and provide technical drawings to initiate production. Experience in ****D CAD design using Autodesk Inventor or similar is essential. Ideally mechanically qualified or equivalent you will have an engineering background along with experience in ****D CAD." "['cad', 'packaging', 'tier', 'aerospace', 'equipment', 'supplier', 'aircraft', 'manufacturer', 'created', 'international', 'independent', 'operating', 'european', 'integrated', 'equipment', 'supplier', 'group', 'specializes', 'key', 'sectors', 'aerospace', 'defence', 'location', 'derby', 'package', 'liaise', 'identify', 'suitable', 'packaging', 'requirements', 'transportation', 'storage', 'aerospace', 'components', 'assist', 'achieving', 'goals', 'products', 'supply', 'quote', 'oversee', 'prototype', 'production', 'packaging', 'test', 'validate', 'technical', 'drawings', 'initiate', 'production', 'cad', 'autodesk', 'inventor', 'similar', 'essential', 'ideally', 'mechanically', 'qualified', 'equivalent', 'background', 'cad']" Engineering
"Title: ME Quantity Surveyor
Webindex: 72454550
Company: Project Resource   Midlands & Anglia
Description: Remuneration Rate: ****  **** (experience dependant) Duration: 6 Months  Location: Midlands Please send you CV to Darryl Read to apply for this vacancy: E: d.readprojectresource.co.uk T: **** **** **** http://uk.linkedin.com/in/darrylreadpr Services advertised by Project Resource are that of an employment business and/or agency. Please note that Project Resource offer a referral fee for any candidate(s) you recommend to us that we place in a job. If this role is not of interest / relevant for you then please pass it on to others you know who may be interested This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MEQuantitySurveyor_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00176.txt " ME Quantity Surveyor" " 72454550" " Project Resource   Midlands & Anglia" " Remuneration Rate: ****  **** (experience dependant) Duration: 6 Months  Location: Midlands Please send you CV to Darryl Read to apply for this vacancy: E: d.readprojectresource.co.uk T: **** **** **** http://uk.linkedin.com/in/darrylreadpr Services advertised by Project Resource are that of an employment business and/or agency. Please note that Project Resource offer a referral fee for any candidate(s) you recommend to us that we place in a job. If this role is not of interest / relevant for you then please pass it on to others you know who may be interested This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MEQuantitySurveyor_job****" "['remuneration', 'rate', 'dependant', 'duration', 'months', 'location', 'midlands', 'send', 'cv', 'read', 'vacancy', 'http', 'linkedin', 'advertised', 'project', 'resource', 'employment', 'agency', 'note', 'project', 'resource', 'offer', 'referral', 'fee', 'recommend', 'place', 'interest', 'relevant', 'pass', 'interested', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Mortgage Consultant
Webindex: 69063925
Description: You will be based in Whiteley, Hampshire. Dealing with High Net Worth clients, you will be working with one of the UK's fastest growing mortgage brokerages. A young and dynamic national mortgage brokerage working in niche markets whose clientele are cash rich individuals are now looking for an experienced CeMAP qualified Mortgage Adviser. The Role: You will be based in their modern offices in Whiteley, Hampshire providing whole of market mortgage and protection advice over the telephone. All qualified leads provided with full case management and administrative support taken care of via their in house admin team to leave you time to speak with clients. The Benefits:  Basic Salary **** to **** with **** OTE  Company Car Scheme  Overseas Conventions Quarterly Incentives  Leads  Full Administration support  Career progression opportunities The Person:  Fully CeMAP qualified with a strong track record in mortgage sales.  Working  Monday to Friday 9am to 5.30pm (NO WEEKEND WORK)  Excellent package, training and career opportunities on offer for the right individual.  Applications will be accepted by those who have taken a break from the industry. Apply to port.****EC****applythis.net" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00418.txt " Mortgage Consultant" " 69063925"  " You will be based in Whiteley, Hampshire. Dealing with High Net Worth clients, you will be working with one of the UK's fastest growing mortgage brokerages. A young and dynamic national mortgage brokerage working in niche markets whose clientele are cash rich individuals are now looking for an experienced CeMAP qualified Mortgage Adviser. The Role: You will be based in their modern offices in Whiteley, Hampshire providing whole of market mortgage and protection advice over the telephone. All qualified leads provided with full case management and administrative support taken care of via their in house admin team to leave you time to speak with clients. The Benefits:  Basic Salary **** to **** with **** OTE  Company Car Scheme  Overseas Conventions Quarterly Incentives  Leads  Full Administration support  Career progression opportunities The Person:  Fully CeMAP qualified with a strong track record in mortgage sales.  Working  Monday to Friday 9am to 5.30pm (NO WEEKEND WORK)  Excellent package, training and career opportunities on offer for the right individual.  Applications will be accepted by those who have taken a break from the industry. Apply to port.****EC****applythis.net" "['whiteley', 'hampshire', 'dealing', 'net', 'worth', ""uk's"", 'fastest', 'growing', 'mortgage', 'young', 'dynamic', 'national', 'mortgage', 'brokerage', 'niche', 'markets', 'cash', 'rich', 'individuals', 'experienced', 'cemap', 'qualified', 'mortgage', 'adviser', 'modern', 'offices', 'whiteley', 'hampshire', 'providing', 'market', 'mortgage', 'protection', 'advice', 'telephone', 'qualified', 'leads', 'provided', 'case', 'administrative', 'house', 'admin', 'leave', 'time', 'speak', 'benefits', 'basic', 'ote', 'car', 'scheme', 'overseas', 'quarterly', 'incentives', 'leads', 'administration', 'career', 'progression', 'opportunities', 'person', 'fully', 'cemap', 'qualified', 'track', 'record', 'mortgage', 'monday', 'friday', 'pm', 'weekend', 'package', 'career', 'opportunities', 'offer', 'individual', 'applications', 'accepted', 'break', 'industry', 'ec', 'net']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Fire/Health Safety Operations Manager  London
Webindex: 70763720
Company: Future Select Recruitment
Description: Our client is a multidisciplinary company providing various asbestos, health and safety and water treatment services. They are ambitious to grow their business even further, that is to develop the Health & Safety/Fire side of the business, hence they are seeking for an ambitious, commercially focused and selfdriven Fire/Health & Safety Operations Manager to work for them in London. The successful candidate must come from a technical/commercial/health and safety/fire background and must have a proven track record working within this roles and arena. Ideally, they are looking for a professional who has the capabilities of growing the business and breaking into new markets. Overall, the successful candidate must be astute, versatile, and have a commercial track record in Health & Safety with excellent communication/organizational/people management/clientfacing skills. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a highly successful company that offers an attractive salary, company car allowance and many other benefits" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00503.txt " Fire/Health Safety Operations Manager  London" " 70763720" " Future Select Recruitment" " Our client is a multidisciplinary company providing various asbestos, health and safety and water treatment services. They are ambitious to grow their business even further, that is to develop the Health & Safety/Fire side of the business, hence they are seeking for an ambitious, commercially focused and selfdriven Fire/Health & Safety Operations Manager to work for them in London. The successful candidate must come from a technical/commercial/health and safety/fire background and must have a proven track record working within this roles and arena. Ideally, they are looking for a professional who has the capabilities of growing the business and breaking into new markets. Overall, the successful candidate must be astute, versatile, and have a commercial track record in Health & Safety with excellent communication/organizational/people management/clientfacing skills. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a highly successful company that offers an attractive salary, company car allowance and many other benefits" "['multidisciplinary', 'providing', 'asbestos', 'health', 'safety', 'water', 'treatment', 'ambitious', 'grow', 'develop', 'health', 'safety', 'fire', 'side', 'seeking', 'ambitious', 'commercially', 'focused', 'selfdriven', 'fire', 'health', 'safety', 'operations', 'london', 'technical', 'commercial', 'health', 'safety', 'fire', 'background', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'roles', 'arena', 'ideally', 'professional', 'capabilities', 'growing', 'breaking', 'markets', 'astute', 'versatile', 'commercial', 'track', 'record', 'health', 'safety', 'communication', 'organizational', 'people', 'clientfacing', 'fantastic', 'highly', 'offers', 'attractive', 'car', 'allowance', 'benefits']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Service Engineer – High Pressure Systems
Webindex: 64809893
Company: AES TECHNICAL & EXECUTIVE CONSULTANTS
Description: Service Engineer – High Pressure Systems Home based covering Midlands to Southern England ****K  ****K laptop and car My client provide a wide range of low, medium and high pressure gas, hydraulic and fluid power equipment for the oil and gas, defence, aerospace, automotive, fluid power, air power, power generation and process industries Due to expansion they are looking for a service engineer to join their existing team where you will be responsible for the south of the country. As well as servicing existing contracts you will also work alongside the Sales Engineer to grow the amount of service contracts within this part of the country. Essentially what we are looking for is someone with a background in Hydraulics and pneumatics, ideally qualified to a minimum of ONC level. Knowledge of instrumentation and PLCs would be advantageous but not essential Home location is not important but ideally situated near to a motorway network. To apply for this position please send me a copy of your CV to Joannaaesco.co.uk (stating your salary and quoting job reference number JW****) This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ServiceEngineerHighPressureSystems_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00105.txt " Service Engineer – High Pressure Systems" " 64809893" " AES TECHNICAL & EXECUTIVE CONSULTANTS" " Service Engineer – High Pressure Systems Home based covering Midlands to Southern England ****K  ****K laptop and car My client provide a wide range of low, medium and high pressure gas, hydraulic and fluid power equipment for the oil and gas, defence, aerospace, automotive, fluid power, air power, power generation and process industries Due to expansion they are looking for a service engineer to join their existing team where you will be responsible for the south of the country. As well as servicing existing contracts you will also work alongside the Sales Engineer to grow the amount of service contracts within this part of the country. Essentially what we are looking for is someone with a background in Hydraulics and pneumatics, ideally qualified to a minimum of ONC level. Knowledge of instrumentation and PLCs would be advantageous but not essential Home location is not important but ideally situated near to a motorway network. To apply for this position please send me a copy of your CV to Joannaaesco.co.uk (stating your salary and quoting job reference number JW****) This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ServiceEngineerHighPressureSystems_job****" "['pressure', 'covering', 'midlands', 'southern', 'england', 'laptop', 'car', 'wide', 'range', 'low', 'medium', 'pressure', 'gas', 'hydraulic', 'fluid', 'power', 'equipment', 'oil', 'gas', 'defence', 'aerospace', 'automotive', 'fluid', 'power', 'air', 'power', 'power', 'generation', 'process', 'industries', 'due', 'expansion', 'existing', 'responsible', 'south', 'country', 'servicing', 'existing', 'contracts', 'alongside', 'grow', 'amount', 'contracts', 'part', 'country', 'essentially', 'background', 'hydraulics', 'pneumatics', 'ideally', 'qualified', 'minimum', 'onc', 'level', 'instrumentation', 'plcs', 'advantageous', 'essential', 'location', 'important', 'ideally', 'situated', 'motorway', 'network', 'send', 'copy', 'cv', 'stating', 'quoting', 'reference', 'number', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Solution Marketing Manager
Webindex: 72234499
Company: DEVONSHIRE APPOINTMENTS LTD
Description: Our client is a global provider of outsourced communications and business services with **** employees and $**** billion turnover. They provide a range products and services to some of the largest companies in the world. This division focuses on consumer information and management. Our client helps companies manage and analyse a wide range of consumer data and turn it into a source of insight and value. They are currently looking for a Senior Product Manager to develop market leading solutions and a product portfolio that reflects market requirements and is competitively positioned and promoted to meet agreed objectives. The candidate will be working Key responsibilities:  To understand and analyse service offerings and their current market position and assess that against future market trends and requirements.  To manage the entire lifecycle and monitor the solution's performance against unexpected return on investment  Manage the solution through the strategic development process  Be an advocate to external and internal audiences  Develop and communicate pricing strategies  Develop compelling sales toolkits and conjunction with the marketing communications team  Provide input into the strategic planning process and annual budgeting process  Manage relationships with 3rd party vendors Candidate Requirements:  Minimum 7  years experience within a product management role  Experience of working for a business services organisation.  Experience of working with consumer data and data analysis  Experience of pricing and product lifecycle management. Salary  ****  ****  ****k Car Allowance 10% Bonus This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SolutionMarketingManager_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00650.txt " Solution Marketing Manager" " 72234499" " DEVONSHIRE APPOINTMENTS LTD" " Our client is a global provider of outsourced communications and business services with **** employees and $**** billion turnover. They provide a range products and services to some of the largest companies in the world. This division focuses on consumer information and management. Our client helps companies manage and analyse a wide range of consumer data and turn it into a source of insight and value. They are currently looking for a Senior Product Manager to develop market leading solutions and a product portfolio that reflects market requirements and is competitively positioned and promoted to meet agreed objectives. The candidate will be working Key responsibilities:  To understand and analyse service offerings and their current market position and assess that against future market trends and requirements.  To manage the entire lifecycle and monitor the solution's performance against unexpected return on investment  Manage the solution through the strategic development process  Be an advocate to external and internal audiences  Develop and communicate pricing strategies  Develop compelling sales toolkits and conjunction with the marketing communications team  Provide input into the strategic planning process and annual budgeting process  Manage relationships with 3rd party vendors Candidate Requirements:  Minimum 7  years experience within a product management role  Experience of working for a business services organisation.  Experience of working with consumer data and data analysis  Experience of pricing and product lifecycle management. Salary  ****  ****  ****k Car Allowance 10% Bonus This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SolutionMarketingManager_job****" "['global', 'provider', 'outsourced', 'communications', 'employees', 'billion', 'turnover', 'range', 'products', 'largest', 'companies', 'world', 'division', 'focuses', 'consumer', 'information', 'helps', 'companies', 'manage', 'analyse', 'wide', 'range', 'consumer', 'data', 'turn', 'source', 'insight', 'senior', 'product', 'develop', 'market', 'solutions', 'product', 'portfolio', 'reflects', 'market', 'requirements', 'positioned', 'promoted', 'meet', 'agreed', 'objectives', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'understand', 'analyse', 'offerings', 'current', 'market', 'assess', 'future', 'market', 'trends', 'requirements', 'manage', 'entire', 'lifecycle', 'monitor', 'performance', 'unexpected', 'return', 'investment', 'manage', 'solution', 'strategic', 'process', 'external', 'internal', 'audiences', 'develop', 'communicate', 'pricing', 'strategies', 'develop', 'compelling', 'conjunction', 'marketing', 'communications', 'input', 'strategic', 'planning', 'process', 'annual', 'budgeting', 'process', 'manage', 'relationships', 'party', 'vendors', 'requirements', 'minimum', 'years', 'product', 'organisation', 'consumer', 'data', 'data', 'analysis', 'pricing', 'product', 'lifecycle', 'car', 'allowance', 'bonus', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Prescription Services Administration Clerk
Webindex: 62011450
Company: Alliance Healthcare
Description: Alliance Healthcare is a leading distributor and wholesaler of pharmaceutical, medical and healthcare products, serving over **** pharmacies, hospitals and dispensing doctors throughout the UK on a twice daily basis. We play a vital role in the medical supply chain and it's our responsibility to offer a reliable service that ensures our customers receive the right product, in the right place, at the right time. About the job: This is a busy and varied role providing?clerical support to the Prescription Services Team, working accurately and within agreed time scales. The hours of work are Monday to Friday **** a.m. to 5.00 pm with an annual salary of **** About You: You will need great customer service skills and attention to detail along with?excellent Microsoft Excel knowledge/experience. This role would suit a school leaver who has achieved high grades in ICT. You will have previous experience as a Customer Services Assistant, Admin Assistant, or Customer Services Administrator." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00436.txt " Prescription Services Administration Clerk" " 62011450" " Alliance Healthcare" " Alliance Healthcare is a leading distributor and wholesaler of pharmaceutical, medical and healthcare products, serving over **** pharmacies, hospitals and dispensing doctors throughout the UK on a twice daily basis. We play a vital role in the medical supply chain and it's our responsibility to offer a reliable service that ensures our customers receive the right product, in the right place, at the right time. About the job: This is a busy and varied role providing?clerical support to the Prescription Services Team, working accurately and within agreed time scales. The hours of work are Monday to Friday **** a.m. to 5.00 pm with an annual salary of **** About You: You will need great customer service skills and attention to detail along with?excellent Microsoft Excel knowledge/experience. This role would suit a school leaver who has achieved high grades in ICT. You will have previous experience as a Customer Services Assistant, Admin Assistant, or Customer Services Administrator." "['healthcare', 'distributor', 'pharmaceutical', 'medical', 'healthcare', 'products', 'serving', 'pharmacies', 'hospitals', 'dispensing', 'doctors', 'daily', 'basis', 'play', 'vital', 'medical', 'supply', 'chain', 'responsibility', 'offer', 'reliable', 'ensures', 'customers', 'receive', 'product', 'place', 'time', 'busy', 'varied', 'providing', 'clerical', 'prescription', 'accurately', 'agreed', 'time', 'scales', 'hours', 'monday', 'friday', 'pm', 'annual', 'great', 'attention', 'detail', 'microsoft', 'excel', 'suit', 'school', 'achieved', 'grades', 'ict', 'previous', 'assistant', 'admin', 'assistant', 'administrator']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Carrier Sales Manager  Wholesale Voice
Webindex: 69040220
Company: Additional Resources Limited
Description: Carrier Sales Manager  Wholesale Voice **** base plus commission  OTE **** Our client is an award winning tier**** mobile operator specialising within the roaming market. It carries significant volumes of its own retail voice traffic and is interconnected globally to many of the world`s top carriers. They are now looking to recruit an experienced carrier sales manager. This is new business focussed role where the ideal candidate will be responsible for initiating and establishing new carrier partners globally for both termination and origination traffic. Candidates should demonstrate the following: Experience in Carrier Voice Industry  particularly new business development Sound experience of Account Management, specifically Wholesale Voice accounts. Proven experience in International markets EMEA as a region would be interesting. Good understanding of LCR, Quality and Pricing of routes is essential. Establish new Interconnects with MNO`s, PTT, Tier**** & Tier**** Carriers. Manage existing carrier relationship and develop business International travel will be required occasionally Additional Resources are an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as defined within The Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Businesses regulations ****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00759.txt " Carrier Sales Manager  Wholesale Voice" " 69040220" " Additional Resources Limited" " Carrier Sales Manager  Wholesale Voice **** base plus commission  OTE **** Our client is an award winning tier**** mobile operator specialising within the roaming market. It carries significant volumes of its own retail voice traffic and is interconnected globally to many of the world`s top carriers. They are now looking to recruit an experienced carrier sales manager. This is new business focussed role where the ideal candidate will be responsible for initiating and establishing new carrier partners globally for both termination and origination traffic. Candidates should demonstrate the following: Experience in Carrier Voice Industry  particularly new business development Sound experience of Account Management, specifically Wholesale Voice accounts. Proven experience in International markets EMEA as a region would be interesting. Good understanding of LCR, Quality and Pricing of routes is essential. Establish new Interconnects with MNO`s, PTT, Tier**** & Tier**** Carriers. Manage existing carrier relationship and develop business International travel will be required occasionally Additional Resources are an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as defined within The Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Businesses regulations ****" "['carrier', 'wholesale', 'voice', 'base', 'commission', 'ote', 'award', 'winning', 'tier', 'mobile', 'operator', 'specialising', 'market', 'carries', 'significant', 'volumes', 'retail', 'voice', 'traffic', 'globally', 'world', 'top', 'carriers', 'recruit', 'experienced', 'carrier', 'focussed', 'ideal', 'responsible', 'establishing', 'carrier', 'partners', 'globally', 'traffic', 'candidates', 'demonstrate', 'carrier', 'voice', 'industry', 'sound', 'account', 'specifically', 'wholesale', 'voice', 'accounts', 'proven', 'international', 'markets', 'emea', 'region', 'interesting', 'understanding', 'quality', 'pricing', 'routes', 'essential', 'establish', 'tier', 'tier', 'carriers', 'manage', 'existing', 'carrier', 'relationship', 'develop', 'international', 'travel', 'occasionally', 'additional', 'resources', 'employment', 'employment', 'agency', 'defined', 'conduct', 'employment', 'agencies', 'employment', 'businesses', 'regulations']" Sales
"Title: Territory Manager
Webindex: 72672874
Company: BMS Sales Specialists LLP
Description: Territory Manager  DIY Products ****  **** basic salary **** Bonus Company Car  Mobile Phone  Company Pension Scheme BRAND LEADER: This leading manufacturer of DIY products is experiencing a period of growth leading to recruitment for a Territory Sales Manager covering the North East Region. With a truly iconic brand name, an award winning marketing team and a highly ethical approach to business, our client can offer a genuinely secure and exciting career oath for the right individual. THE ROLE: Selling into independent DIY retailers, builder's merchants, interior design stores and home wares shops, you will liaise at store level with business owners on a daily basis. With a focus on point of sale, monthly promotions, new product introduction, merchandising and diary planning, it is important that you are able to build strong relationships and have an ability to boost presence within stores. Covering the Newcastle, Darlington, Middlesbrough and Sunderland areas, you will be given complete autonomy to manage the patch as you feel necessary. You can be located anywhere in the region of the M8 corridor and you will be based from home. You will be given a set of realistic sales targets and KPI's whilst being rewarded financially for your results. THE PERSON: The ideal candidate will have a structured and organised approach to territory management along with a personable and enthusiastic manner. You must have a minimum of **** year's sales or account management experience along in the FMCG, DIY, Hardware, Construction, Homeware's or Giftware's sector. North East Territories/ County Durham, Darlington, Middlesbrough, Newcastle, North Yorkshire, Northumberland, Sunderland, Tyne Tees BMS is a leading nationwide sales recruitment consultancy, covering all levels of sales positions including Sales Representative, Sales Executive, Account Managers and Business Development roles. Matthew Baker manages all positions in the North East and regularly travels to the North East to conduct face to face candidate meetings. If this position is of interest or you would like to meet with Matt to discuss prospects in more detail please email your CV to nejobsbmsuk.com alternatively contact Sarah Mendelsohn for an informal discussion on **** **** By meeting every job seeker face to face we are in the unique position of understanding exactly what you are looking for in your next step, as well as taking the time to fully get to know you so we are able to represent you accurately to our clients, resulting in interviews that are not only relevant to your experience but also a character match. For further information please visit our website at www.bmsuk.com This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/TerritoryManager_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00739.txt " Territory Manager" " 72672874" " BMS Sales Specialists LLP" " Territory Manager  DIY Products ****  **** basic salary **** Bonus Company Car  Mobile Phone  Company Pension Scheme BRAND LEADER: This leading manufacturer of DIY products is experiencing a period of growth leading to recruitment for a Territory Sales Manager covering the North East Region. With a truly iconic brand name, an award winning marketing team and a highly ethical approach to business, our client can offer a genuinely secure and exciting career oath for the right individual. THE ROLE: Selling into independent DIY retailers, builder's merchants, interior design stores and home wares shops, you will liaise at store level with business owners on a daily basis. With a focus on point of sale, monthly promotions, new product introduction, merchandising and diary planning, it is important that you are able to build strong relationships and have an ability to boost presence within stores. Covering the Newcastle, Darlington, Middlesbrough and Sunderland areas, you will be given complete autonomy to manage the patch as you feel necessary. You can be located anywhere in the region of the M8 corridor and you will be based from home. You will be given a set of realistic sales targets and KPI's whilst being rewarded financially for your results. THE PERSON: The ideal candidate will have a structured and organised approach to territory management along with a personable and enthusiastic manner. You must have a minimum of **** year's sales or account management experience along in the FMCG, DIY, Hardware, Construction, Homeware's or Giftware's sector. North East Territories/ County Durham, Darlington, Middlesbrough, Newcastle, North Yorkshire, Northumberland, Sunderland, Tyne Tees BMS is a leading nationwide sales recruitment consultancy, covering all levels of sales positions including Sales Representative, Sales Executive, Account Managers and Business Development roles. Matthew Baker manages all positions in the North East and regularly travels to the North East to conduct face to face candidate meetings. If this position is of interest or you would like to meet with Matt to discuss prospects in more detail please email your CV to nejobsbmsuk.com alternatively contact Sarah Mendelsohn for an informal discussion on **** **** By meeting every job seeker face to face we are in the unique position of understanding exactly what you are looking for in your next step, as well as taking the time to fully get to know you so we are able to represent you accurately to our clients, resulting in interviews that are not only relevant to your experience but also a character match. For further information please visit our website at www.bmsuk.com This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/TerritoryManager_job****" "['territory', 'diy', 'products', 'basic', 'bonus', 'car', 'mobile', 'phone', 'pension', 'scheme', 'brand', 'leader', 'manufacturer', 'diy', 'products', 'experiencing', 'period', 'growth', 'territory', 'covering', 'north', 'east', 'region', 'brand', 'award', 'winning', 'marketing', 'highly', 'ethical', 'approach', 'offer', 'genuinely', 'secure', 'exciting', 'career', 'individual', 'selling', 'independent', 'diy', 'retailers', 'merchants', 'interior', 'stores', 'shops', 'liaise', 'store', 'level', 'owners', 'daily', 'basis', 'focus', 'point', 'sale', 'monthly', 'promotions', 'product', 'introduction', 'merchandising', 'diary', 'planning', 'important', 'build', 'relationships', 'boost', 'presence', 'stores', 'covering', 'newcastle', 'darlington', 'middlesbrough', 'sunderland', 'areas', 'complete', 'autonomy', 'manage', 'patch', 'feel', 'located', 'region', 'corridor', 'set', 'realistic', 'targets', ""kpi's"", 'whilst', 'rewarded', 'financially', 'results', 'person', 'ideal', 'structured', 'organised', 'approach', 'territory', 'personable', 'enthusiastic', 'manner', 'minimum', 'account', 'fmcg', 'diy', 'hardware', 'construction', 'sector', 'north', 'east', 'territories', 'county', 'durham', 'darlington', 'middlesbrough', 'newcastle', 'north', 'yorkshire', 'northumberland', 'sunderland', 'tyne', 'tees', 'bms', 'nationwide', 'consultancy', 'covering', 'levels', 'positions', 'representative', 'executive', 'account', 'managers', 'roles', 'matthew', 'manages', 'positions', 'north', 'east', 'regularly', 'north', 'east', 'conduct', 'face', 'face', 'meetings', 'interest', 'meet', 'matt', 'discuss', 'prospects', 'detail', 'email', 'cv', 'alternatively', 'contact', 'sarah', 'informal', 'discussion', 'meeting', 'face', 'face', 'unique', 'understanding', 'step', 'taking', 'time', 'fully', 'represent', 'accurately', 'resulting', 'interviews', 'relevant', 'character', 'match', 'information', 'visit', 'website', 'www', 'bmsuk', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'salestarget', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: helpdesk Administrator
Webindex: 71631421
Company: PRS
Description: PRS have been established within the HVAC, total facility management and building services industry for the past 13 years, specialising in the recruitment of engineering and commercial staff within this sector. We are looking for commercial Administrators, receptionists, Help Desk operators, assistant facility coordinators and managers, PA s, finance assistants in the FM and Building services markets. Our client base is second to none and we have long standing client and customer relations with an impressive portfolio of clients, ranging from small niche market organisation to multi nationals blue chip house hold name organisations. Some of our roles are specialist and we constantly have requirements for administrators and help desk operators with Maximo or Concept knowledge or past experience of working with a help desk management package. Those with security clearance are also sought after by our client base. We are always interested in talking with bright, keen and positive administrative personnel that have excellent presentation, communication and computer skills, or for those wiling to re train and work within this friendly and enjoyable market. Interested? Then please send your current up to date CV, and we will call you to discuss the opportunities that we currently have available. We want to assist you as much as we can in securing a new challenging role with one of our clients. Temporary or permanent vacancies are now available" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00035.txt " helpdesk Administrator" " 71631421" " PRS" " PRS have been established within the HVAC, total facility management and building services industry for the past 13 years, specialising in the recruitment of engineering and commercial staff within this sector. We are looking for commercial Administrators, receptionists, Help Desk operators, assistant facility coordinators and managers, PA s, finance assistants in the FM and Building services markets. Our client base is second to none and we have long standing client and customer relations with an impressive portfolio of clients, ranging from small niche market organisation to multi nationals blue chip house hold name organisations. Some of our roles are specialist and we constantly have requirements for administrators and help desk operators with Maximo or Concept knowledge or past experience of working with a help desk management package. Those with security clearance are also sought after by our client base. We are always interested in talking with bright, keen and positive administrative personnel that have excellent presentation, communication and computer skills, or for those wiling to re train and work within this friendly and enjoyable market. Interested? Then please send your current up to date CV, and we will call you to discuss the opportunities that we currently have available. We want to assist you as much as we can in securing a new challenging role with one of our clients. Temporary or permanent vacancies are now available" "['prs', 'established', 'hvac', 'total', 'facility', 'building', 'industry', 'past', 'years', 'specialising', 'commercial', 'sector', 'commercial', 'administrators', 'desk', 'operators', 'assistant', 'facility', 'coordinators', 'managers', 'pa', 'finance', 'assistants', 'fm', 'building', 'markets', 'base', 'long', 'standing', 'relations', 'impressive', 'portfolio', 'ranging', 'small', 'niche', 'market', 'organisation', 'multi', 'nationals', 'blue', 'chip', 'house', 'hold', 'organisations', 'roles', 'specialist', 'constantly', 'requirements', 'administrators', 'desk', 'operators', 'concept', 'past', 'desk', 'package', 'security', 'clearance', 'sought', 'base', 'interested', 'talking', 'bright', 'keen', 'positive', 'administrative', 'personnel', 'presentation', 'communication', 'computer', 'train', 'friendly', 'enjoyable', 'market', 'interested', 'send', 'current', 'date', 'cv', 'call', 'discuss', 'opportunities', 'assist', 'securing', 'challenging', 'temporary', 'permanent', 'vacancies']" Engineering
"Title: Telesales
Webindex: 70028246
Company: INTERACTION RECRUITMENT
Description: I am currently looking for an experienced sales executive to work within my clients busy telesales office. This is a B2B telesales role where you will be calling prospective customers in regards to company products, with the room to progress into call centre supervisor/ manager in the very near future. You will need to have a solid sales background and be used to working to targets within a team environment. Basic salary will be **** with uncapped commission from day one. Hours are Monday  Friday ****:30am  17.30pm Are you ideal for this role? For more information and the chance to apply for this fantastic opportunity please send your CV to jade.aldredirweb.co.uk or call and speak to Jade on **** **** This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/Telesales_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00636.txt " Telesales" " 70028246" " INTERACTION RECRUITMENT" " I am currently looking for an experienced sales executive to work within my clients busy telesales office. This is a B2B telesales role where you will be calling prospective customers in regards to company products, with the room to progress into call centre supervisor/ manager in the very near future. You will need to have a solid sales background and be used to working to targets within a team environment. Basic salary will be **** with uncapped commission from day one. Hours are Monday  Friday ****:30am  17.30pm Are you ideal for this role? For more information and the chance to apply for this fantastic opportunity please send your CV to jade.aldredirweb.co.uk or call and speak to Jade on **** **** This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/Telesales_job****" "['experienced', 'executive', 'busy', 'telesales', 'office', 'telesales', 'calling', 'prospective', 'customers', 'products', 'room', 'progress', 'call', 'centre', 'supervisor', 'future', 'solid', 'background', 'targets', 'environment', 'basic', 'uncapped', 'commission', 'day', 'hours', 'monday', 'friday', 'pm', 'ideal', 'information', 'chance', 'fantastic', 'send', 'cv', 'jade', 'aldredirweb', 'call', 'speak', 'jade', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'salestarget', 'jobseeking', 'telesales']" Sales
"Title: Contract Digital Test Engineer  Electronics  Surrey
Webindex: 71292106
Company: IC 3E LLP
Description: Contract Digital Test Engineer  PCB  Test  Electronics  Surrey Based in Surrey our client is currently seeking a digital test engineer on a contract basis. The role will involve testing and debug from PCB to system level as well as fault diagnosis down to PCB component level using standard lab equipment. Key requirements: Digital electronics Proven hardware test down to PCB level Use of lab test equipment Key words: Test, digital, RF, PCB, Jtag, Surrey, Electronics IC ****e  your first contact for contract electronics and engineering jobs." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00140.txt " Contract Digital Test Engineer  Electronics  Surrey" " 71292106" " IC 3E LLP" " Contract Digital Test Engineer  PCB  Test  Electronics  Surrey Based in Surrey our client is currently seeking a digital test engineer on a contract basis. The role will involve testing and debug from PCB to system level as well as fault diagnosis down to PCB component level using standard lab equipment. Key requirements: Digital electronics Proven hardware test down to PCB level Use of lab test equipment Key words: Test, digital, RF, PCB, Jtag, Surrey, Electronics IC ****e  your first contact for contract electronics and engineering jobs." "['contract', 'digital', 'test', 'pcb', 'test', 'electronics', 'surrey', 'surrey', 'seeking', 'digital', 'test', 'contract', 'basis', 'involve', 'testing', 'debug', 'pcb', 'system', 'level', 'fault', 'diagnosis', 'pcb', 'component', 'level', 'standard', 'lab', 'equipment', 'key', 'requirements', 'digital', 'electronics', 'proven', 'hardware', 'test', 'pcb', 'level', 'lab', 'test', 'equipment', 'key', 'words', 'test', 'digital', 'rf', 'pcb', 'surrey', 'electronics', 'ic', 'contact', 'contract', 'electronics', 'jobs']" Engineering
"Title: Dispensing Optician  Huddersfield  ****
Webindex: 68372648
Company: Prospect Health
Description: Find more vacancies like this on our free iPhone & Android application: iPhone http://tinyurl.com/AppleOptometry Android http://tinyurl.com/AndroidOptometryapp Company Prospect Health’s Optometry Division is recruiting on behalf of a fantastic community based Opticians. The business was established a decade ago and has now expanded to six practices mainly across West Yorkshire. The practice is very customer focussed and aims to offer high quality optics at affordable prices. Branch The practice is extremely modern and wellequipped and has been heavily invested in the last few years. The branch has one test room and tests full time. It is very easy to commute to and has superb motorway connections. The company’s stores are equipped with the latest technology such as autorefractors, noncontact tonometers and visual field analysers. The stores also boast retinal cameras and offer diabetic screening free of charge. The practice is tightly run and the company has excellent staff retention. Role The practice runs as a single clinic and a preregistration Optometrist, with one qualifeid Optometrist, a Practice Manager, Assistant Manager and two Optical Assistants working there. You would be working as the sole Dispensing Optician. It is a traditional independent practice and they are looking for someone commercially aware but most importantly customer focussed. Training & Development There is a fantastic opportunity to progress and even buy into the business in the short to medium term future. One of the directors is planning on retirement in the next five years or so and is looking for someone to hand over the reins to. Not many jobs have this kind of development opportunity where you could end up owning and running your own successful practice. Summary In summary this is an exciting and unique opportunity that offers fantastic progression opportunities and the chance to work in a fantastic working environment. Our client wants someone who takes a pride in their work and can provide an excellent customer experience and someone who can add strength to the team and help to grow the business. Remuneration & Package In terms of a salary package our client will put together a very competitive offer, although the exact figure will entirely depend on the person and what they can bring to the table. What happens next? To apply for this position you must be registered with the GOC as a Dispensing Optician or Student Dispensing Optician and possess the right to work in the United Kingdom. To talk to us in confidence about this opportunity and any other suitable positions please contact a member of the Optometry division on [blocked]. (Office hours Mon – Thurs ****:30am – ****:30pm & Friday ****:30am – ****:30pm)" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00433.txt " Dispensing Optician  Huddersfield  ****" " 68372648" " Prospect Health" " Find more vacancies like this on our free iPhone & Android application: iPhone http://tinyurl.com/AppleOptometry Android http://tinyurl.com/AndroidOptometryapp Company Prospect Health’s Optometry Division is recruiting on behalf of a fantastic community based Opticians. The business was established a decade ago and has now expanded to six practices mainly across West Yorkshire. The practice is very customer focussed and aims to offer high quality optics at affordable prices. Branch The practice is extremely modern and wellequipped and has been heavily invested in the last few years. The branch has one test room and tests full time. It is very easy to commute to and has superb motorway connections. The company’s stores are equipped with the latest technology such as autorefractors, noncontact tonometers and visual field analysers. The stores also boast retinal cameras and offer diabetic screening free of charge. The practice is tightly run and the company has excellent staff retention. Role The practice runs as a single clinic and a preregistration Optometrist, with one qualifeid Optometrist, a Practice Manager, Assistant Manager and two Optical Assistants working there. You would be working as the sole Dispensing Optician. It is a traditional independent practice and they are looking for someone commercially aware but most importantly customer focussed. Training & Development There is a fantastic opportunity to progress and even buy into the business in the short to medium term future. One of the directors is planning on retirement in the next five years or so and is looking for someone to hand over the reins to. Not many jobs have this kind of development opportunity where you could end up owning and running your own successful practice. Summary In summary this is an exciting and unique opportunity that offers fantastic progression opportunities and the chance to work in a fantastic working environment. Our client wants someone who takes a pride in their work and can provide an excellent customer experience and someone who can add strength to the team and help to grow the business. Remuneration & Package In terms of a salary package our client will put together a very competitive offer, although the exact figure will entirely depend on the person and what they can bring to the table. What happens next? To apply for this position you must be registered with the GOC as a Dispensing Optician or Student Dispensing Optician and possess the right to work in the United Kingdom. To talk to us in confidence about this opportunity and any other suitable positions please contact a member of the Optometry division on [blocked]. (Office hours Mon – Thurs ****:30am – ****:30pm & Friday ****:30am – ****:30pm)" "['find', 'vacancies', 'free', 'iphone', 'android', 'application', 'iphone', 'http', 'tinyurl', 'appleoptometry', 'android', 'http', 'tinyurl', 'androidoptometryapp', 'prospect', 'health', 'optometry', 'division', 'recruiting', 'behalf', 'fantastic', 'community', 'opticians', 'established', 'decade', 'ago', 'expanded', 'practices', 'west', 'yorkshire', 'practice', 'focussed', 'aims', 'offer', 'quality', 'optics', 'affordable', 'prices', 'branch', 'practice', 'extremely', 'modern', 'heavily', 'invested', 'years', 'branch', 'test', 'room', 'tests', 'time', 'easy', 'commute', 'superb', 'motorway', 'connections', 'stores', 'equipped', 'latest', 'technology', 'visual', 'field', 'analysers', 'stores', 'boast', 'cameras', 'offer', 'diabetic', 'screening', 'free', 'charge', 'practice', 'tightly', 'run', 'retention', 'practice', 'runs', 'single', 'clinic', 'preregistration', 'optometrist', 'qualifeid', 'optometrist', 'practice', 'assistant', 'optical', 'assistants', 'sole', 'dispensing', 'optician', 'traditional', 'independent', 'practice', 'commercially', 'aware', 'importantly', 'focussed', 'fantastic', 'progress', 'buy', 'short', 'medium', 'term', 'future', 'directors', 'planning', 'retirement', 'years', 'hand', 'jobs', 'kind', 'end', 'running', 'practice', 'summary', 'summary', 'exciting', 'unique', 'offers', 'fantastic', 'progression', 'opportunities', 'chance', 'fantastic', 'environment', 'takes', 'pride', 'add', 'strength', 'grow', 'remuneration', 'package', 'terms', 'package', 'put', 'competitive', 'offer', 'exact', 'figure', 'depend', 'person', 'bring', 'table', 'registered', 'goc', 'dispensing', 'optician', 'student', 'dispensing', 'optician', 'possess', 'united', 'kingdom', 'talk', 'confidence', 'suitable', 'positions', 'contact', 'member', 'optometry', 'division', 'blocked', 'office', 'hours', 'mon', 'thurs', 'pm', 'friday', 'pm']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Stores / Warehouse Manager  Manufacturing  South Yorkshire  Sala
Webindex: 69080968
Company: Jonathan Lee Recruitment Ltd
Description: Stores Manager Salary ****k High Volume Manufacturing  Rotherham An experienced Stores Manager with a strong manufacturing background and experience of a variety of high volume / high complexity manufacturing processes is required for a challenging role with a leading manufacturing company based in Rotherham. The main responsibilities of the role are to provide support and assistance to the Logistics Manager to achieve KOB s financial, operational and customer service objectives. Promote harmonious and effective working relationships both internally and externally, ensuring excellent customer service through a combination of communication, team work, motivation and leadership. Demonstrate knowledge of Warehousing best practices, Labour Planning strategy, and best operating practice experience along with your ability to manage and motivate your team and display Continuous Improvement behaviors. Responsible for ensuring accurate and timely movement of Raw Material into Production and Finished Goods delivered to Customers Develop a proactive working relationship with internal/external Suppliers and Customers to provide continuous smooth functioning of the Stores whilst promoting high standards of Customer Service Fully optimise SAP Warehouse Management and Inventory Management system Candidates should have previous management or supervisory experience of working in a high volume manufacturing environment. You should have an understanding of continuous improvement and experience of working with SAP systems. If you are interested in this Stores Manager role please contact Joe Worthington on (Apply online only) as soon as possible. Your CV will be forwarded to Jonathan Lee Recruitment, a leading engineering and manufacturing recruitment consultancy established in 1978. The services advertised by Jonathan Lee Recruitment are those of an Employment Agency" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00142.txt " Stores / Warehouse Manager  Manufacturing  South Yorkshire  Sala" " 69080968" " Jonathan Lee Recruitment Ltd" " Stores Manager Salary ****k High Volume Manufacturing  Rotherham An experienced Stores Manager with a strong manufacturing background and experience of a variety of high volume / high complexity manufacturing processes is required for a challenging role with a leading manufacturing company based in Rotherham. The main responsibilities of the role are to provide support and assistance to the Logistics Manager to achieve KOB s financial, operational and customer service objectives. Promote harmonious and effective working relationships both internally and externally, ensuring excellent customer service through a combination of communication, team work, motivation and leadership. Demonstrate knowledge of Warehousing best practices, Labour Planning strategy, and best operating practice experience along with your ability to manage and motivate your team and display Continuous Improvement behaviors. Responsible for ensuring accurate and timely movement of Raw Material into Production and Finished Goods delivered to Customers Develop a proactive working relationship with internal/external Suppliers and Customers to provide continuous smooth functioning of the Stores whilst promoting high standards of Customer Service Fully optimise SAP Warehouse Management and Inventory Management system Candidates should have previous management or supervisory experience of working in a high volume manufacturing environment. You should have an understanding of continuous improvement and experience of working with SAP systems. If you are interested in this Stores Manager role please contact Joe Worthington on (Apply online only) as soon as possible. Your CV will be forwarded to Jonathan Lee Recruitment, a leading engineering and manufacturing recruitment consultancy established in 1978. The services advertised by Jonathan Lee Recruitment are those of an Employment Agency" "['stores', 'volume', 'manufacturing', 'rotherham', 'experienced', 'stores', 'manufacturing', 'background', 'variety', 'volume', 'complexity', 'manufacturing', 'processes', 'challenging', 'manufacturing', 'rotherham', 'main', 'responsibilities', 'assistance', 'logistics', 'achieve', 'operational', 'objectives', 'promote', 'effective', 'relationships', 'internally', 'externally', 'ensuring', 'combination', 'communication', 'motivation', 'leadership', 'demonstrate', 'warehousing', 'practices', 'labour', 'planning', 'strategy', 'operating', 'practice', 'manage', 'motivate', 'display', 'continuous', 'improvement', 'responsible', 'ensuring', 'accurate', 'timely', 'material', 'production', 'goods', 'delivered', 'customers', 'develop', 'proactive', 'relationship', 'internal', 'external', 'suppliers', 'customers', 'continuous', 'smooth', 'stores', 'whilst', 'promoting', 'standards', 'fully', 'optimise', 'sap', 'warehouse', 'inventory', 'system', 'candidates', 'previous', 'supervisory', 'volume', 'manufacturing', 'environment', 'understanding', 'continuous', 'improvement', 'sap', 'interested', 'stores', 'contact', 'online', 'cv', 'forwarded', 'jonathan', 'lee', 'manufacturing', 'consultancy', 'established', 'advertised', 'jonathan', 'lee', 'employment', 'agency']" Engineering
"Title: Principal Wireless DSP / PHY Architect  Cambridge
Webindex: 70162126
Company: IC Software
Description: Exceptional opportunity for a DSP algorithms Engineer to join my global client s Cellular Modem Development team based in Cambridge at Senior or Principal level. The successful candidate will be working on algorithms within the DSP Physical Layer Group responsible for the architecture and implementation of the baseband processing functions in advanced cellular communication systems, working closely with L**** and RTL design teams. DSP skills & experience sought:  System architecture development for cellular/wireless communication standards  Definition, design and verification of baseband processing algorithms for cellular/wireless communication systems targeting ASIC/DSP implementations  Good understanding of ****GPP standards across both physical layer and L**** scheduling aspects  Verilog/VHDL/SystemC  C/C++/Matlab/IT Please email or call Alex Fothergill, DSP Consultant at IC Software to apply. Principal Wireless DSP / PHY Architect  Cambridge with skills in: Digital Signal Processing Architect / Senior Engineer with the following skills: digital signal processing, DSP, architecture, architect, Systems, Wireless, ****G, baseband, ASIC, Verilog, VHDL/, SystemC, Matlab, C, C++, WCDMA, OFDM, MIMO, LTE, WiMAX, ****GPP IC Software  your first contact for Embedded, DSP & Software jobs." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00184.txt " Principal Wireless DSP / PHY Architect  Cambridge" " 70162126" " IC Software" " Exceptional opportunity for a DSP algorithms Engineer to join my global client s Cellular Modem Development team based in Cambridge at Senior or Principal level. The successful candidate will be working on algorithms within the DSP Physical Layer Group responsible for the architecture and implementation of the baseband processing functions in advanced cellular communication systems, working closely with L**** and RTL design teams. DSP skills & experience sought:  System architecture development for cellular/wireless communication standards  Definition, design and verification of baseband processing algorithms for cellular/wireless communication systems targeting ASIC/DSP implementations  Good understanding of ****GPP standards across both physical layer and L**** scheduling aspects  Verilog/VHDL/SystemC  C/C++/Matlab/IT Please email or call Alex Fothergill, DSP Consultant at IC Software to apply. Principal Wireless DSP / PHY Architect  Cambridge with skills in: Digital Signal Processing Architect / Senior Engineer with the following skills: digital signal processing, DSP, architecture, architect, Systems, Wireless, ****G, baseband, ASIC, Verilog, VHDL/, SystemC, Matlab, C, C++, WCDMA, OFDM, MIMO, LTE, WiMAX, ****GPP IC Software  your first contact for Embedded, DSP & Software jobs." "['exceptional', 'dsp', 'algorithms', 'global', 'cellular', 'cambridge', 'senior', 'principal', 'level', 'algorithms', 'dsp', 'physical', 'layer', 'group', 'responsible', 'architecture', 'implementation', 'baseband', 'processing', 'functions', 'advanced', 'cellular', 'communication', 'closely', 'teams', 'dsp', 'sought', 'system', 'architecture', 'cellular', 'wireless', 'communication', 'standards', 'definition', 'verification', 'baseband', 'processing', 'algorithms', 'cellular', 'wireless', 'communication', 'targeting', 'asic', 'dsp', 'implementations', 'understanding', 'gpp', 'standards', 'physical', 'layer', 'scheduling', 'aspects', 'verilog', 'vhdl', 'systemc', 'matlab', 'email', 'call', 'alex', 'dsp', 'consultant', 'ic', 'software', 'principal', 'wireless', 'dsp', 'architect', 'cambridge', 'digital', 'signal', 'processing', 'architect', 'senior', 'digital', 'signal', 'processing', 'dsp', 'architecture', 'architect', 'wireless', 'baseband', 'asic', 'verilog', 'vhdl', 'systemc', 'matlab', 'gpp', 'ic', 'software', 'contact', 'embedded', 'dsp', 'software', 'jobs']" Engineering
"Title: RGN / RNLD Care Home
Webindex: 71885864
Description: Appoint Group Vacancy Job Title  Staff Nurse  RMN / RGN Location  Horsham (West Sussex) Salary  11.15 weekday hourly rate or 11.65 weekend hourly rate Contract: Permanent Hours: Full time 40 hours per week (**** hour shifts) We are looking to recruit a RGN / RMN on a full time permanent basis, to join an enthusiastic and dedicated care team within a brand new purpose built facility for people with long term health care conditions including neurological conditions such as Multiple Sclerosis, Motor Neurone Disease, Huntington's Disease, Acquired Brain Injury and Cerebral Palsy. Your main purpose is to promote the health and social well being of residents of this service through the provision of compassionate care and excellent clinical skills. You will also have a primary responsibility for supervising, motivating and supporting a small team of Support Workers. Main duties will include:  Assessing nursing needs and planning/evaluating care provision.  Maintaining accurate clinical observations of the service users' condition and keep all required records of nursing care.  Communicating with service users, their relatives and coworkers.  Administering drugs and treatments as prescribed with safety/accuracy and be able to assist in appraisal process of junior staff members. A Registered Nurse with current registration is essential while further post qualifications relevant to the role are desirable but not essential. Shift pattern is predominantly long days (**** hour shifts) but you will need to be flexibility to work both day and night shifts as and when required. The successful candidate will enjoy excellent working conditions, structured training and support, competitive salary, generous holiday entitlement and genuine opportunities for professional development. The home is owned by a group based locally with other homes across the South so there is plenty of scope for advancement for those looking for progression in their career. Applicants offered employment will be subject to enhanced criminal records check through the Criminal Records Bureau. Person Specification  Applicants must be either RGN or RMN trained and qualified, holding a valid PIN. More experienced nurses are ideally sought for. Prior experience of this service type is not required, as long as applicants are keen to learn and quick to pick up new skills. Applications will be held in the strictest confidence. For more information or to apply for the role please call Erin Banner on **** **** and email your CV to erin.bannerappointgroup.co.uk" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00597.txt " RGN / RNLD Care Home" " 71885864"  " Appoint Group Vacancy Job Title  Staff Nurse  RMN / RGN Location  Horsham (West Sussex) Salary  11.15 weekday hourly rate or 11.65 weekend hourly rate Contract: Permanent Hours: Full time 40 hours per week (**** hour shifts) We are looking to recruit a RGN / RMN on a full time permanent basis, to join an enthusiastic and dedicated care team within a brand new purpose built facility for people with long term health care conditions including neurological conditions such as Multiple Sclerosis, Motor Neurone Disease, Huntington's Disease, Acquired Brain Injury and Cerebral Palsy. Your main purpose is to promote the health and social well being of residents of this service through the provision of compassionate care and excellent clinical skills. You will also have a primary responsibility for supervising, motivating and supporting a small team of Support Workers. Main duties will include:  Assessing nursing needs and planning/evaluating care provision.  Maintaining accurate clinical observations of the service users' condition and keep all required records of nursing care.  Communicating with service users, their relatives and coworkers.  Administering drugs and treatments as prescribed with safety/accuracy and be able to assist in appraisal process of junior staff members. A Registered Nurse with current registration is essential while further post qualifications relevant to the role are desirable but not essential. Shift pattern is predominantly long days (**** hour shifts) but you will need to be flexibility to work both day and night shifts as and when required. The successful candidate will enjoy excellent working conditions, structured training and support, competitive salary, generous holiday entitlement and genuine opportunities for professional development. The home is owned by a group based locally with other homes across the South so there is plenty of scope for advancement for those looking for progression in their career. Applicants offered employment will be subject to enhanced criminal records check through the Criminal Records Bureau. Person Specification  Applicants must be either RGN or RMN trained and qualified, holding a valid PIN. More experienced nurses are ideally sought for. Prior experience of this service type is not required, as long as applicants are keen to learn and quick to pick up new skills. Applications will be held in the strictest confidence. For more information or to apply for the role please call Erin Banner on **** **** and email your CV to erin.bannerappointgroup.co.uk" "['appoint', 'group', 'vacancy', 'title', 'nurse', 'rmn', 'rgn', 'location', 'horsham', 'west', 'sussex', 'hourly', 'rate', 'weekend', 'hourly', 'rate', 'contract', 'permanent', 'hours', 'time', 'hours', 'week', 'hour', 'shifts', 'recruit', 'rgn', 'rmn', 'time', 'permanent', 'basis', 'enthusiastic', 'dedicated', 'brand', 'purpose', 'built', 'facility', 'people', 'long', 'term', 'health', 'conditions', 'neurological', 'conditions', 'multiple', 'motor', 'disease', 'disease', 'acquired', 'brain', 'injury', 'cerebral', 'palsy', 'main', 'purpose', 'promote', 'health', 'social', 'residents', 'provision', 'compassionate', 'clinical', 'primary', 'responsibility', 'supervising', 'motivating', 'supporting', 'small', 'workers', 'main', 'duties', 'include', 'assessing', 'nursing', 'planning', 'evaluating', 'provision', 'maintaining', 'accurate', 'clinical', 'observations', 'users', 'condition', 'records', 'nursing', 'communicating', 'users', 'relatives', 'administering', 'drugs', 'treatments', 'prescribed', 'safety', 'accuracy', 'assist', 'appraisal', 'process', 'junior', 'members', 'registered', 'nurse', 'current', 'registration', 'essential', 'post', 'qualifications', 'relevant', 'desirable', 'essential', 'shift', 'pattern', 'predominantly', 'long', 'days', 'hour', 'shifts', 'flexibility', 'day', 'night', 'shifts', 'enjoy', 'conditions', 'structured', 'competitive', 'generous', 'holiday', 'entitlement', 'genuine', 'opportunities', 'professional', 'owned', 'group', 'locally', 'homes', 'south', 'plenty', 'scope', 'advancement', 'progression', 'career', 'applicants', 'offered', 'employment', 'subject', 'enhanced', 'criminal', 'records', 'check', 'criminal', 'records', 'bureau', 'person', 'specification', 'applicants', 'rgn', 'rmn', 'trained', 'qualified', 'holding', 'valid', 'pin', 'experienced', 'nurses', 'ideally', 'sought', 'prior', 'type', 'long', 'applicants', 'keen', 'learn', 'quick', 'pick', 'applications', 'held', 'strictest', 'confidence', 'information', 'call', 'erin', 'email', 'cv', 'erin']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Domiciliary Manager  Preston
Webindex: 70763753
Company: The Hammond Recruitment Group
Description: Domiciliary Manager My client is currently looking for a Domiciliary Manager to work in the Preston area. The role for Domiciliary Manager will be working in an expanding office and moving the service forward. The applicant for the domiciliary manager role must have experience working in the domiciliary sector. They will ideally hold the NVQ Level 4 management award. If you would like to apply for the Domiciliary Manager role please forward me a copy of your CV. Hammond Recruitment Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00528.txt " Domiciliary Manager  Preston" " 70763753" " The Hammond Recruitment Group" " Domiciliary Manager My client is currently looking for a Domiciliary Manager to work in the Preston area. The role for Domiciliary Manager will be working in an expanding office and moving the service forward. The applicant for the domiciliary manager role must have experience working in the domiciliary sector. They will ideally hold the NVQ Level 4 management award. If you would like to apply for the Domiciliary Manager role please forward me a copy of your CV. Hammond Recruitment Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy" "['domiciliary', 'domiciliary', 'preston', 'area', 'domiciliary', 'expanding', 'office', 'moving', 'forward', 'applicant', 'domiciliary', 'domiciliary', 'sector', 'ideally', 'hold', 'nvq', 'level', 'award', 'domiciliary', 'forward', 'copy', 'cv', 'hammond', 'group', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'vacancy']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Retail Sales Consultant/ Assistant Sales Manager
Webindex: 69188766
Company: Randstad Retail
Description: Retail Sales/ Sales Consultant/ Assistant Sales Manager ****  OTE ****  **** uncapped  pension  life assurance Location: Bristol, Longwell Green, Hanham, Bitton, Keynsham, Whiteshall, Kingswodd, Brislington, Saltford, Mangotsfield There is no better time to join one of Britain's leading retailers as part of their dynamic sales team as a Sales Consultant/ Assistant Sales Manager. If you are looking for job security, amazing future prospects due to continued expansion and no limit to what you can achieve or earn this is the company for you. Ambitious plans need ambitious individuals to drive them forward, so do you have the following attributes for this role: Ideally experience in a sales environment, don't worry if you haven't got any because my client operates the very best training in the business Target driven with a desire to succeed Ability to motivate yourself Natural communicator with the ability to liaise with customers and get to the bottom of their wants needs to be able to offer their dream furnishings Lots of energy and enthusiasm As a Sales Consultant/ Assistant Sales Manager you will be responsible for selling a wide range of marketing leading products and additional services to customers. To maximise your opportunity and take advantage of the uncapped earning potential as a Sales Consultant/ Assistant Sales Manager you will work every Saturday, Sunday and bank holiday. This will allow you every chance to enhance your earnings to achieve everything you want outside of work. In return you will receive all the training and support you need to ensure a long and successful career with one of Britain's most recognised brands. For the position of Sales Consultant/ Assistant Sales Manager please send your CV in the first instance to simone.delahuntyrandstad.co.uk with 'sales consultant  Bristol' in the subject box. Or call Simone on **** **** to hear more. sales consultant/ retails sales/ sales manager/ sales/ retail/ negotiation/ showroom/ sales executive/ sales/ direct sales/ B****C sales/ sales personThis vacancy is being handled by Randstad Retail. Randstad Retail is the retail specialist division of Randstad, who act as an employment business and employment agency and are registered in England and Wales no **** as Randstad Retail Ltd. Registered office address First Floor, Regent Court, Laporte Way, Luton, Beds, LU**** ****SB. In the event that you are contacted for a role, please note that as part of the registration process you shall be required to provide Randstad with proof of identity as well as proof of eligibility to work in the United Kingdom. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/RetailSalesConsultantAssistantSalesManager_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00740.txt " Retail Sales Consultant/ Assistant Sales Manager" " 69188766" " Randstad Retail" " Retail Sales/ Sales Consultant/ Assistant Sales Manager ****  OTE ****  **** uncapped  pension  life assurance Location: Bristol, Longwell Green, Hanham, Bitton, Keynsham, Whiteshall, Kingswodd, Brislington, Saltford, Mangotsfield There is no better time to join one of Britain's leading retailers as part of their dynamic sales team as a Sales Consultant/ Assistant Sales Manager. If you are looking for job security, amazing future prospects due to continued expansion and no limit to what you can achieve or earn this is the company for you. Ambitious plans need ambitious individuals to drive them forward, so do you have the following attributes for this role: Ideally experience in a sales environment, don't worry if you haven't got any because my client operates the very best training in the business Target driven with a desire to succeed Ability to motivate yourself Natural communicator with the ability to liaise with customers and get to the bottom of their wants needs to be able to offer their dream furnishings Lots of energy and enthusiasm As a Sales Consultant/ Assistant Sales Manager you will be responsible for selling a wide range of marketing leading products and additional services to customers. To maximise your opportunity and take advantage of the uncapped earning potential as a Sales Consultant/ Assistant Sales Manager you will work every Saturday, Sunday and bank holiday. This will allow you every chance to enhance your earnings to achieve everything you want outside of work. In return you will receive all the training and support you need to ensure a long and successful career with one of Britain's most recognised brands. For the position of Sales Consultant/ Assistant Sales Manager please send your CV in the first instance to simone.delahuntyrandstad.co.uk with 'sales consultant  Bristol' in the subject box. Or call Simone on **** **** to hear more. sales consultant/ retails sales/ sales manager/ sales/ retail/ negotiation/ showroom/ sales executive/ sales/ direct sales/ B****C sales/ sales personThis vacancy is being handled by Randstad Retail. Randstad Retail is the retail specialist division of Randstad, who act as an employment business and employment agency and are registered in England and Wales no **** as Randstad Retail Ltd. Registered office address First Floor, Regent Court, Laporte Way, Luton, Beds, LU**** ****SB. In the event that you are contacted for a role, please note that as part of the registration process you shall be required to provide Randstad with proof of identity as well as proof of eligibility to work in the United Kingdom. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/RetailSalesConsultantAssistantSalesManager_job****" "['retail', 'consultant', 'assistant', 'ote', 'uncapped', 'pension', 'life', 'assurance', 'location', 'bristol', 'green', 'keynsham', 'time', ""britain's"", 'retailers', 'part', 'dynamic', 'consultant', 'assistant', 'security', 'amazing', 'future', 'prospects', 'due', 'continued', 'expansion', 'limit', 'achieve', 'earn', 'ambitious', 'plans', 'ambitious', 'individuals', 'drive', 'forward', 'attributes', 'ideally', 'environment', 'worry', 'operates', 'target', 'driven', 'desire', 'succeed', 'motivate', 'natural', 'communicator', 'liaise', 'customers', 'offer', 'dream', 'lots', 'energy', 'enthusiasm', 'consultant', 'assistant', 'responsible', 'selling', 'wide', 'range', 'marketing', 'products', 'additional', 'customers', 'maximise', 'advantage', 'uncapped', 'earning', 'potential', 'consultant', 'assistant', 'saturday', 'sunday', 'bank', 'holiday', 'chance', 'enhance', 'earnings', 'achieve', 'return', 'receive', 'long', 'career', ""britain's"", 'recognised', 'brands', 'consultant', 'assistant', 'send', 'cv', 'instance', 'simone', 'consultant', 'bristol', 'subject', 'box', 'call', 'simone', 'hear', 'consultant', 'retails', 'retail', 'negotiation', 'showroom', 'executive', 'direct', 'vacancy', 'handled', 'randstad', 'retail', 'randstad', 'retail', 'retail', 'specialist', 'division', 'randstad', 'act', 'employment', 'employment', 'agency', 'registered', 'england', 'wales', 'randstad', 'retail', 'registered', 'office', 'address', 'floor', 'regent', 'court', 'laporte', 'luton', 'beds', 'lu', 'sb', 'event', 'contacted', 'note', 'part', 'registration', 'process', 'randstad', 'proof', 'identity', 'proof', 'eligibility', 'united', 'kingdom', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'salestarget', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Home based BDM  Advanced surveillance solutions
Webindex: 72578233
Company: Fairford Associates
Description: Our client are an innovative technology based company. Formed around a decade ago in Ireland they utilise advanced technology to provide a unique remote visual surveillance solution. The service is sold to clients in Ireland, the UK, Africa, the Middle East and the United States. The technology lends itself well to a range of applications from high worth individuals residences through to commercial applications such as construction sites and wind farms, meaning there is a large potential client base. The company's service differs to conventional CCTV monitoring services in that the service is provided on a completely managed basis inhouse. The company installs the kit, monitors it, services it and updates it when required. The system is monitored from a purpose built communications hub by a team of well trained (and well paid) personnel, they will provide a tailored response agreed with the client should an intruder be detected (their technology means that this happens long before a conventional PIR system would), this could include a audible warning in real time by the operative identifying the intruder as if on site and contact with the police. Also unlike a conventional security system there are no upfront costs to the client. The service is paid for on a fixed fee daily basis with no other added costs and offers attractive financial and operational benefits over a conventional manned or CCTV monitored site. Please contact me for further details. Although the client has a strong established base in Ireland, the UK arm of the company is effectively a new technology start up, where creativity and entrepreneurial talents are valued, and with no boundaries the culture suit candidates who work best outside a defined framework and hierarchy." 3 data/Sales\Job_00680.txt " Home based BDM  Advanced surveillance solutions" " 72578233" " Fairford Associates" " Our client are an innovative technology based company. Formed around a decade ago in Ireland they utilise advanced technology to provide a unique remote visual surveillance solution. The service is sold to clients in Ireland, the UK, Africa, the Middle East and the United States. The technology lends itself well to a range of applications from high worth individuals residences through to commercial applications such as construction sites and wind farms, meaning there is a large potential client base. The company's service differs to conventional CCTV monitoring services in that the service is provided on a completely managed basis inhouse. The company installs the kit, monitors it, services it and updates it when required. The system is monitored from a purpose built communications hub by a team of well trained (and well paid) personnel, they will provide a tailored response agreed with the client should an intruder be detected (their technology means that this happens long before a conventional PIR system would), this could include a audible warning in real time by the operative identifying the intruder as if on site and contact with the police. Also unlike a conventional security system there are no upfront costs to the client. The service is paid for on a fixed fee daily basis with no other added costs and offers attractive financial and operational benefits over a conventional manned or CCTV monitored site. Please contact me for further details. Although the client has a strong established base in Ireland, the UK arm of the company is effectively a new technology start up, where creativity and entrepreneurial talents are valued, and with no boundaries the culture suit candidates who work best outside a defined framework and hierarchy." "['innovative', 'technology', 'formed', 'decade', 'ago', 'ireland', 'utilise', 'advanced', 'technology', 'unique', 'remote', 'visual', 'surveillance', 'solution', 'sold', 'ireland', 'africa', 'middle', 'east', 'united', 'states', 'technology', 'range', 'applications', 'worth', 'individuals', 'residences', 'commercial', 'applications', 'construction', 'sites', 'wind', 'meaning', 'large', 'potential', 'base', ""company's"", 'conventional', 'cctv', 'monitoring', 'provided', 'completely', 'managed', 'basis', 'inhouse', 'monitors', 'updates', 'system', 'monitored', 'purpose', 'built', 'communications', 'hub', 'trained', 'paid', 'personnel', 'tailored', 'response', 'agreed', 'intruder', 'technology', 'means', 'long', 'conventional', 'system', 'include', 'warning', 'real', 'time', 'operative', 'identifying', 'intruder', 'site', 'contact', 'police', 'conventional', 'security', 'system', 'upfront', 'costs', 'paid', 'fixed', 'fee', 'daily', 'basis', 'added', 'costs', 'offers', 'attractive', 'operational', 'benefits', 'conventional', 'cctv', 'monitored', 'site', 'contact', 'details', 'established', 'base', 'ireland', 'arm', 'effectively', 'technology', 'start', 'creativity', 'entrepreneurial', 'valued', 'boundaries', 'culture', 'suit', 'candidates', 'defined', 'framework']" Sales
"Title: Band 7 Bed Manager  **** 12 Month contracts Slough
Webindex: 72609667
Company: Pulse Perms Regions
Description: A leading NHS hospital are seeking 6 Bed Managers to work on a range of fixed term contracts in Berkshire. This ls NHS Foundation Trust provides hospital services to a large and diverse population of more than **** which includes Ascot, Bracknell, Maidenhead, Slough, south Buckinghamshire and Windsor. You will be self motivated and experienced Band 6 or 7. This supportive clinical environment, combined with a nursing team committed to high clinical standards, makes us a compelling career option for an ambitious nurse. An exciting Opportunity has arisen for a dynamic individual to join the Trust on a variety of fixed term contracts ****  12 months. Candidates should be registered nurses with previous experience at Band 6 or above. The post holder will be able to demonstrate skills gained in respect of staff utilisation, bed management, both clinical and non clinical emergencies and any other issues as they arise. This role requires close working relationship with all levels of the multidisciplinary team across all areas of the hospital. You will be responsible for the efficient and effective management of the patients journey through the hospital as well as their safe placement in the correct area on a daily basis. The successful candidate will posses excellent interpersonal and communication skills. An ability to remain calm and composed, even under pressure is a must. Experience of working in a busy environment and with minimal supervision is essential. Each we year we see approximately: ****2,707 day cases and elective inpatients **** emergency inpatients **** births **** A E attendances **** new outpatient appointments **** outpatient followup appointments **** procedures performed More than **** patient contacts We were recently awarded with a CHKS Top 40 Hospitals award covering safety, clinical effectiveness, health outcomes, efficiency, patient experience and quality of care. Salary will be band 7  upto **** (pro rata for fixed term contracts) For more information or to apply, please call Daniella on **** **** **** or respond to this advert with an up to date copy of your CV." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00523.txt " Band 7 Bed Manager  **** 12 Month contracts Slough" " 72609667" " Pulse Perms Regions" " A leading NHS hospital are seeking 6 Bed Managers to work on a range of fixed term contracts in Berkshire. This ls NHS Foundation Trust provides hospital services to a large and diverse population of more than **** which includes Ascot, Bracknell, Maidenhead, Slough, south Buckinghamshire and Windsor. You will be self motivated and experienced Band 6 or 7. This supportive clinical environment, combined with a nursing team committed to high clinical standards, makes us a compelling career option for an ambitious nurse. An exciting Opportunity has arisen for a dynamic individual to join the Trust on a variety of fixed term contracts ****  12 months. Candidates should be registered nurses with previous experience at Band 6 or above. The post holder will be able to demonstrate skills gained in respect of staff utilisation, bed management, both clinical and non clinical emergencies and any other issues as they arise. This role requires close working relationship with all levels of the multidisciplinary team across all areas of the hospital. You will be responsible for the efficient and effective management of the patients journey through the hospital as well as their safe placement in the correct area on a daily basis. The successful candidate will posses excellent interpersonal and communication skills. An ability to remain calm and composed, even under pressure is a must. Experience of working in a busy environment and with minimal supervision is essential. Each we year we see approximately: ****2,707 day cases and elective inpatients **** emergency inpatients **** births **** A E attendances **** new outpatient appointments **** outpatient followup appointments **** procedures performed More than **** patient contacts We were recently awarded with a CHKS Top 40 Hospitals award covering safety, clinical effectiveness, health outcomes, efficiency, patient experience and quality of care. Salary will be band 7  upto **** (pro rata for fixed term contracts) For more information or to apply, please call Daniella on **** **** **** or respond to this advert with an up to date copy of your CV." "['nhs', 'hospital', 'seeking', 'bed', 'managers', 'range', 'fixed', 'term', 'contracts', 'berkshire', 'ls', 'nhs', 'foundation', 'trust', 'hospital', 'large', 'diverse', 'population', 'includes', 'ascot', 'bracknell', 'maidenhead', 'slough', 'south', 'buckinghamshire', 'windsor', 'motivated', 'experienced', 'band', 'supportive', 'clinical', 'environment', 'combined', 'nursing', 'committed', 'clinical', 'standards', 'makes', 'compelling', 'career', 'option', 'ambitious', 'nurse', 'exciting', 'arisen', 'dynamic', 'individual', 'trust', 'variety', 'fixed', 'term', 'contracts', 'months', 'candidates', 'registered', 'nurses', 'previous', 'band', 'post', 'holder', 'demonstrate', 'gained', 'respect', 'utilisation', 'bed', 'clinical', 'clinical', 'emergencies', 'issues', 'arise', 'requires', 'close', 'relationship', 'levels', 'multidisciplinary', 'areas', 'hospital', 'responsible', 'efficient', 'effective', 'patients', 'journey', 'hospital', 'safe', 'placement', 'correct', 'area', 'daily', 'basis', 'posses', 'interpersonal', 'communication', 'remain', 'calm', 'pressure', 'busy', 'environment', 'minimal', 'supervision', 'essential', 'year', 'approximately', 'day', 'cases', 'inpatients', 'emergency', 'inpatients', 'outpatient', 'appointments', 'outpatient', 'followup', 'appointments', 'procedures', 'performed', 'patient', 'contacts', 'recently', 'awarded', 'top', 'hospitals', 'award', 'covering', 'safety', 'clinical', 'effectiveness', 'health', 'outcomes', 'efficiency', 'patient', 'quality', 'band', 'upto', 'pro', 'rata', 'fixed', 'term', 'contracts', 'information', 'call', 'respond', 'advert', 'date', 'copy', 'cv']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: RMN (RNLD)
Webindex: 70232739
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: To be considered for the position you must be a Registered Nurse (RN), compliant with the UKCC Regulations and Registration. We welcome applications from RNs from both Mental Health and Learning Disabilities specialties of the NMC. Hours of work  **** hours over 7 days  shift patterns include days, weekends and nights Start times: 8.00am  8.15pm/8.00pm 8.15am We currently have positions for Registered Nurses in our services. Nurses must work according to NMC guidelines and are expected to assess, plan, implement and evaluate care without direct supervision and to participate fully in delivering a sensitive, efficient care service to all patients. As a Registered Nurse your role will primarily be to carry out the following: Provide quality care using the Multidisciplinary Care Programme Approach. Apply research based knowledge and appropriate models of patient care as a member of both a Multidisciplinary and the nursing team. Apply research based knowledge and appropriate models of nurse/patient intervention and maintain confidentiality regarding residents and staff. Ensure that care is provided within an environment which positively integrates race, gender, disability, religion and sexual orientation and meets individual needs. Ensure that the patients are involved as fully as possible in decisions affecting them and the running of the units, and to maximize their independence. Take charge in the absence of the Clinical Nurse Leader. Supervise the care given by junior staff, i.e., Nurse Support Workers and be able to lead a shift. Contribute actively to an effective learning environment and lead audits. To be responsible for the guidance and support of support workers, identify training needs and assist with appraisals for support workers. To represent the hospital in a positive and professional manner within the units and externally as required at meetings and other forums. Work and communicate effectively with nursing and Multidisciplinary colleagues within the units, the Company and externally. To maintain a safe environment for staff and patients at all times Be aware of, and adhere to, current legislation regarding Health and Safety at Work." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00496.txt " RMN (RNLD)" " 70232739" " UKStaffsearch" " To be considered for the position you must be a Registered Nurse (RN), compliant with the UKCC Regulations and Registration. We welcome applications from RNs from both Mental Health and Learning Disabilities specialties of the NMC. Hours of work  **** hours over 7 days  shift patterns include days, weekends and nights Start times: 8.00am  8.15pm/8.00pm 8.15am We currently have positions for Registered Nurses in our services. Nurses must work according to NMC guidelines and are expected to assess, plan, implement and evaluate care without direct supervision and to participate fully in delivering a sensitive, efficient care service to all patients. As a Registered Nurse your role will primarily be to carry out the following: Provide quality care using the Multidisciplinary Care Programme Approach. Apply research based knowledge and appropriate models of patient care as a member of both a Multidisciplinary and the nursing team. Apply research based knowledge and appropriate models of nurse/patient intervention and maintain confidentiality regarding residents and staff. Ensure that care is provided within an environment which positively integrates race, gender, disability, religion and sexual orientation and meets individual needs. Ensure that the patients are involved as fully as possible in decisions affecting them and the running of the units, and to maximize their independence. Take charge in the absence of the Clinical Nurse Leader. Supervise the care given by junior staff, i.e., Nurse Support Workers and be able to lead a shift. Contribute actively to an effective learning environment and lead audits. To be responsible for the guidance and support of support workers, identify training needs and assist with appraisals for support workers. To represent the hospital in a positive and professional manner within the units and externally as required at meetings and other forums. Work and communicate effectively with nursing and Multidisciplinary colleagues within the units, the Company and externally. To maintain a safe environment for staff and patients at all times Be aware of, and adhere to, current legislation regarding Health and Safety at Work." "['considered', 'registered', 'nurse', 'rn', 'compliant', 'regulations', 'registration', 'applications', 'mental', 'health', 'learning', 'disabilities', 'nmc', 'hours', 'hours', 'days', 'shift', 'patterns', 'include', 'days', 'weekends', 'nights', 'start', 'times', 'pm', 'pm', 'positions', 'registered', 'nurses', 'nurses', 'nmc', 'guidelines', 'expected', 'assess', 'plan', 'implement', 'evaluate', 'direct', 'supervision', 'participate', 'fully', 'delivering', 'sensitive', 'efficient', 'patients', 'registered', 'nurse', 'primarily', 'carry', 'quality', 'multidisciplinary', 'programme', 'approach', 'research', 'models', 'patient', 'member', 'multidisciplinary', 'nursing', 'research', 'models', 'nurse', 'patient', 'intervention', 'maintain', 'confidentiality', 'residents', 'provided', 'environment', 'positively', 'race', 'gender', 'disability', 'religion', 'sexual', 'orientation', 'meets', 'individual', 'patients', 'involved', 'fully', 'decisions', 'affecting', 'running', 'units', 'maximize', 'independence', 'charge', 'absence', 'clinical', 'nurse', 'leader', 'supervise', 'junior', 'nurse', 'workers', 'lead', 'shift', 'contribute', 'actively', 'effective', 'learning', 'environment', 'lead', 'audits', 'responsible', 'guidance', 'workers', 'identify', 'assist', 'appraisals', 'workers', 'represent', 'hospital', 'positive', 'professional', 'manner', 'units', 'externally', 'meetings', 'forums', 'communicate', 'effectively', 'nursing', 'multidisciplinary', 'colleagues', 'units', 'externally', 'maintain', 'safe', 'environment', 'patients', 'times', 'aware', 'adhere', 'current', 'legislation', 'health', 'safety']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Site Maintenance Engineer (ElectroMechanical)
Webindex: 72635560
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment
Description: Site Maintenance Engineer (ElectroMechanical) Birmingham ****  extensive company benefits Are you a Maintenance Engineer looking for structured training and development within a days based position? On offer is plenty of overtime and the chance to develop and progress within a company with the best reputation in the industry. The company is a leader in manufacturing generators and motors. As a Site Engineer you will be required to work in house on motors and servo drives. You will have the stability of working for a growing company and the opportunity to technically progress. With continuous expansion plans in place, this is a real chance to progress your engineering career and be a part of an exciting future. The role:  Repair of motors  Installation of servo drives  Site repair of machinery The Person:  Service and installation of electronic/electrical speed drives and motors  Minimum of HNC/ HND in Electrical/mechanical engineering or 17th edition  Knowledge of variable speed drives engineer, electro, electronic, mechanical, contracts, electrical, machining, manufacturing, maintenance, service, industrial, technical, Birmingham, winder, technical, technician, ac dc, motors, rotating, manufacture, assembling, fault finding, AC, DC. Please send all CV s and applications or alternatively call (Apply online only) If you are interested in this position, and have the relevant experience then please send your CV . Visit our website at (url removed)" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00170.txt " Site Maintenance Engineer (ElectroMechanical)" " 72635560" " Rise Technical Recruitment" " Site Maintenance Engineer (ElectroMechanical) Birmingham ****  extensive company benefits Are you a Maintenance Engineer looking for structured training and development within a days based position? On offer is plenty of overtime and the chance to develop and progress within a company with the best reputation in the industry. The company is a leader in manufacturing generators and motors. As a Site Engineer you will be required to work in house on motors and servo drives. You will have the stability of working for a growing company and the opportunity to technically progress. With continuous expansion plans in place, this is a real chance to progress your engineering career and be a part of an exciting future. The role:  Repair of motors  Installation of servo drives  Site repair of machinery The Person:  Service and installation of electronic/electrical speed drives and motors  Minimum of HNC/ HND in Electrical/mechanical engineering or 17th edition  Knowledge of variable speed drives engineer, electro, electronic, mechanical, contracts, electrical, machining, manufacturing, maintenance, service, industrial, technical, Birmingham, winder, technical, technician, ac dc, motors, rotating, manufacture, assembling, fault finding, AC, DC. Please send all CV s and applications or alternatively call (Apply online only) If you are interested in this position, and have the relevant experience then please send your CV . Visit our website at (url removed)" "['site', 'maintenance', 'electromechanical', 'birmingham', 'extensive', 'benefits', 'maintenance', 'structured', 'days', 'offer', 'plenty', 'overtime', 'chance', 'develop', 'progress', 'reputation', 'industry', 'leader', 'manufacturing', 'generators', 'motors', 'site', 'house', 'motors', 'servo', 'drives', 'stability', 'growing', 'technically', 'progress', 'continuous', 'expansion', 'plans', 'place', 'real', 'chance', 'progress', 'career', 'part', 'exciting', 'future', 'repair', 'motors', 'installation', 'servo', 'drives', 'site', 'repair', 'machinery', 'person', 'installation', 'electronic', 'electrical', 'speed', 'drives', 'motors', 'minimum', 'hnc', 'hnd', 'electrical', 'mechanical', 'edition', 'variable', 'speed', 'drives', 'electro', 'electronic', 'mechanical', 'contracts', 'electrical', 'machining', 'manufacturing', 'maintenance', 'industrial', 'technical', 'birmingham', 'technical', 'technician', 'ac', 'dc', 'motors', 'rotating', 'manufacture', 'fault', 'finding', 'ac', 'dc', 'send', 'cv', 'applications', 'alternatively', 'call', 'online', 'interested', 'relevant', 'send', 'cv', 'visit', 'website', 'url', 'removed']" Engineering
"Title: Programme Scheduler
Webindex: 72689197
Company: Intech Recruitment Limited
Description: Programme Scheduler ****  50,000 on experience  good benefits Bedfordshire I am currently seeking an experienced Programme Scheduler (Primavera) for a large manufacturing company based in Bedfordshire. Reporting to the Programme Manager, this is a key role within the business that will be heavily involved within new product introduction projects in an engineering / manufacturing environment. As Programme Scheduler you will be responsible for developing, maintaining and updating all the different programmes / project plans using Primavera. You will need to ensure that everybody is aware of their tasks within the specific Programme. Earned Value Management reporting (EVM) is essential to ensure that everybody is on track for time and within budget. Main responsibilities:  Develop and maintain all programme / project plans using Primavera Maintain the Primavera system in line with Corporate Standards Develop the Primavera functionality to support Programme Processes Plan all test facility capacity in Primavera Write a user manual for all Primavera activities Take TeamCenter data (hours and % completion data) and manually input into Primavera Monthly reporting using Earned Value Management (EVM) Send out weekly task sheets to the project team to ensure that everybody is aware of their tasks Put resource budgets against all activities in the Programme Set up all reporting templates Train all users for data input and report generation Educational Background:  Excellent working knowledge of Primavera P6 Degree educated is preferential too although not essential Previously worked in a programme / project management based environment Ability to produce progress reports The ability to work effectively within a Programme team Be selfmotivated, thorough in your work, methodical have a good attention to detail For more information and to apply for this position, please send your CV with a covering email to explain why you feel you should be considered for this post. By sending us your CV you are explicitly consenting to our processing of your personal data on a computer database for the purpose of evaluating your application for employment. This processing will be carried out in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act **** By applying for this role you hereby consent to us to finding you work on your behalf. If you do not wish your CV to be sent to our client then you must clearly state this to us. iNTECH Recruitment act as both an employment agency for all permanent positions and as an employment business for temporary contract positions. Please note: All calls are recorded for training, quality and business purposes." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00207.txt " Programme Scheduler" " 72689197" " Intech Recruitment Limited" " Programme Scheduler ****  50,000 on experience  good benefits Bedfordshire I am currently seeking an experienced Programme Scheduler (Primavera) for a large manufacturing company based in Bedfordshire. Reporting to the Programme Manager, this is a key role within the business that will be heavily involved within new product introduction projects in an engineering / manufacturing environment. As Programme Scheduler you will be responsible for developing, maintaining and updating all the different programmes / project plans using Primavera. You will need to ensure that everybody is aware of their tasks within the specific Programme. Earned Value Management reporting (EVM) is essential to ensure that everybody is on track for time and within budget. Main responsibilities:  Develop and maintain all programme / project plans using Primavera Maintain the Primavera system in line with Corporate Standards Develop the Primavera functionality to support Programme Processes Plan all test facility capacity in Primavera Write a user manual for all Primavera activities Take TeamCenter data (hours and % completion data) and manually input into Primavera Monthly reporting using Earned Value Management (EVM) Send out weekly task sheets to the project team to ensure that everybody is aware of their tasks Put resource budgets against all activities in the Programme Set up all reporting templates Train all users for data input and report generation Educational Background:  Excellent working knowledge of Primavera P6 Degree educated is preferential too although not essential Previously worked in a programme / project management based environment Ability to produce progress reports The ability to work effectively within a Programme team Be selfmotivated, thorough in your work, methodical have a good attention to detail For more information and to apply for this position, please send your CV with a covering email to explain why you feel you should be considered for this post. By sending us your CV you are explicitly consenting to our processing of your personal data on a computer database for the purpose of evaluating your application for employment. This processing will be carried out in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act **** By applying for this role you hereby consent to us to finding you work on your behalf. If you do not wish your CV to be sent to our client then you must clearly state this to us. iNTECH Recruitment act as both an employment agency for all permanent positions and as an employment business for temporary contract positions. Please note: All calls are recorded for training, quality and business purposes." "['programme', 'scheduler', 'benefits', 'bedfordshire', 'seeking', 'experienced', 'programme', 'scheduler', 'primavera', 'large', 'manufacturing', 'bedfordshire', 'reporting', 'programme', 'key', 'heavily', 'involved', 'product', 'introduction', 'projects', 'manufacturing', 'environment', 'programme', 'scheduler', 'responsible', 'developing', 'maintaining', 'updating', 'programmes', 'project', 'plans', 'primavera', 'aware', 'tasks', 'specific', 'programme', 'earned', 'reporting', 'evm', 'essential', 'track', 'time', 'budget', 'main', 'responsibilities', 'develop', 'maintain', 'programme', 'project', 'plans', 'primavera', 'maintain', 'primavera', 'system', 'line', 'corporate', 'standards', 'develop', 'primavera', 'functionality', 'programme', 'processes', 'plan', 'test', 'facility', 'capacity', 'primavera', 'write', 'user', 'manual', 'primavera', 'activities', 'data', 'hours', 'completion', 'data', 'manually', 'input', 'primavera', 'monthly', 'reporting', 'earned', 'evm', 'send', 'weekly', 'task', 'sheets', 'project', 'aware', 'tasks', 'put', 'resource', 'budgets', 'activities', 'programme', 'set', 'reporting', 'templates', 'train', 'users', 'data', 'input', 'report', 'generation', 'educational', 'background', 'primavera', 'degree', 'educated', 'preferential', 'essential', 'previously', 'worked', 'programme', 'project', 'environment', 'produce', 'progress', 'reports', 'effectively', 'programme', 'selfmotivated', 'methodical', 'attention', 'detail', 'information', 'send', 'cv', 'covering', 'email', 'explain', 'feel', 'considered', 'post', 'sending', 'cv', 'explicitly', 'consenting', 'processing', 'personal', 'data', 'computer', 'database', 'purpose', 'evaluating', 'application', 'employment', 'processing', 'carried', 'accordance', 'data', 'protection', 'act', 'applying', 'consent', 'finding', 'behalf', 'cv', 'state', 'intech', 'act', 'employment', 'agency', 'permanent', 'positions', 'employment', 'temporary', 'contract', 'positions', 'note', 'calls', 'recorded', 'quality', 'purposes']" Engineering
"Title: HCA Sexual Health  Family Planning  Day Surgery  Part Time  Norwich
Webindex: 72186225
Company: JP Recruitment
Description: Position – HCA Sexual HealthSalary – ****  **** Pro rotaHours – Part Time 15hrs per weekLocation – Norfolk  NorwichMy client is a marketing focused, results oriented social enterprise. They develop efficient, effective and sustainable family planning and Sexual health services.They are currently looking for HCA’s with a genuine interested in sexual health and family planning services and ideally have experience of working in a Surgical environment .Candidates for the Norfolk Clinic may be expected to cover other centres within the Region from timetotime though travel expenses are covered.Key Responsibilities assisting in initial consultation of patients providing advice completion of computerised notes, registers and other paperwork blood samplingWard admission of clients to ward and completion of administration checking details on client notes and alerting surgeon/anaesthetist to any ‘significant conditions’ escorting clients to theatre utilising ‘Vocal Local’ (a conversational technique used to distract the client from the procedure) to support clients undergoing the procedure without a general anaesthetic monitoring observations and blood loss ensuring clients are informed about aftercareTheatre preparation and cleaning of theatre, sluice and recovery prior to, and after, each operating list sterilisation and preparation of instruments and soft packs for each procedure and cleaning and resterilising instruments following each procedure maintaining the theatre register assisting anaesthetist and surgeon where necessary assisting with recovery of client and transport back to wardDay Unit admission of clients to day unit and completion of administration checking details on client notes and alerting surgeon/anaesthetist to any ‘significant conditions’ preparation of treatment room, sterilisation and preparation of instruments cleaning treatment room and sluice, cleaning and resterilisation of instruments following each procedure escorting clients into treatment room and employing ‘Vocal Local’ to support clients during treatment ensuring clients are informed about aftercareSkills and Experience Qualifications: English Language and Mathematics to GCSE standard of equivalent Level 3 NVQ in Healthcare IT LiterateExperience: previous HCA experience (desirable) experience of working in a healthcare/clinic background experience and enjoyment of working with people experience of prioritising work Skills: ability to work as part of a team and liaise with people of all levels good listening and communication skills flexibility and willingness to travel to other centres with reasonable noticeFor more information please contact Holly Brace at JP Recruit on **** **** or **** **** **** alternatively email hollyjprec.co.uk" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00584.txt " HCA Sexual Health  Family Planning  Day Surgery  Part Time  Norwich" " 72186225" " JP Recruitment" " Position – HCA Sexual HealthSalary – ****  **** Pro rotaHours – Part Time 15hrs per weekLocation – Norfolk  NorwichMy client is a marketing focused, results oriented social enterprise. They develop efficient, effective and sustainable family planning and Sexual health services.They are currently looking for HCA’s with a genuine interested in sexual health and family planning services and ideally have experience of working in a Surgical environment .Candidates for the Norfolk Clinic may be expected to cover other centres within the Region from timetotime though travel expenses are covered.Key Responsibilities assisting in initial consultation of patients providing advice completion of computerised notes, registers and other paperwork blood samplingWard admission of clients to ward and completion of administration checking details on client notes and alerting surgeon/anaesthetist to any ‘significant conditions’ escorting clients to theatre utilising ‘Vocal Local’ (a conversational technique used to distract the client from the procedure) to support clients undergoing the procedure without a general anaesthetic monitoring observations and blood loss ensuring clients are informed about aftercareTheatre preparation and cleaning of theatre, sluice and recovery prior to, and after, each operating list sterilisation and preparation of instruments and soft packs for each procedure and cleaning and resterilising instruments following each procedure maintaining the theatre register assisting anaesthetist and surgeon where necessary assisting with recovery of client and transport back to wardDay Unit admission of clients to day unit and completion of administration checking details on client notes and alerting surgeon/anaesthetist to any ‘significant conditions’ preparation of treatment room, sterilisation and preparation of instruments cleaning treatment room and sluice, cleaning and resterilisation of instruments following each procedure escorting clients into treatment room and employing ‘Vocal Local’ to support clients during treatment ensuring clients are informed about aftercareSkills and Experience Qualifications: English Language and Mathematics to GCSE standard of equivalent Level 3 NVQ in Healthcare IT LiterateExperience: previous HCA experience (desirable) experience of working in a healthcare/clinic background experience and enjoyment of working with people experience of prioritising work Skills: ability to work as part of a team and liaise with people of all levels good listening and communication skills flexibility and willingness to travel to other centres with reasonable noticeFor more information please contact Holly Brace at JP Recruit on **** **** or **** **** **** alternatively email hollyjprec.co.uk" "['hca', 'sexual', 'pro', 'part', 'time', 'hrs', 'norfolk', 'marketing', 'focused', 'results', 'oriented', 'social', 'enterprise', 'develop', 'efficient', 'effective', 'sustainable', 'family', 'planning', 'sexual', 'health', 'hca', 'genuine', 'interested', 'sexual', 'health', 'family', 'planning', 'ideally', 'surgical', 'environment', 'candidates', 'norfolk', 'clinic', 'expected', 'cover', 'centres', 'region', 'travel', 'expenses', 'covered', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'assisting', 'initial', 'consultation', 'patients', 'providing', 'advice', 'completion', 'computerised', 'notes', 'registers', 'paperwork', 'blood', 'admission', 'ward', 'completion', 'administration', 'checking', 'details', 'notes', 'alerting', 'surgeon', 'anaesthetist', 'significant', 'conditions', 'escorting', 'theatre', 'utilising', 'vocal', 'local', 'procedure', 'undergoing', 'procedure', 'general', 'monitoring', 'observations', 'blood', 'loss', 'ensuring', 'informed', 'preparation', 'cleaning', 'theatre', 'sluice', 'recovery', 'prior', 'operating', 'list', 'sterilisation', 'preparation', 'instruments', 'soft', 'packs', 'procedure', 'cleaning', 'instruments', 'procedure', 'maintaining', 'theatre', 'register', 'assisting', 'anaesthetist', 'surgeon', 'assisting', 'recovery', 'transport', 'back', 'unit', 'admission', 'day', 'unit', 'completion', 'administration', 'checking', 'details', 'notes', 'alerting', 'surgeon', 'anaesthetist', 'significant', 'conditions', 'preparation', 'treatment', 'room', 'sterilisation', 'preparation', 'instruments', 'cleaning', 'treatment', 'room', 'sluice', 'cleaning', 'instruments', 'procedure', 'escorting', 'treatment', 'room', 'employing', 'vocal', 'local', 'treatment', 'ensuring', 'informed', 'qualifications', 'english', 'language', 'mathematics', 'gcse', 'standard', 'equivalent', 'level', 'nvq', 'healthcare', 'previous', 'hca', 'desirable', 'healthcare', 'clinic', 'background', 'people', 'prioritising', 'part', 'liaise', 'people', 'levels', 'listening', 'communication', 'flexibility', 'willingness', 'travel', 'centres', 'reasonable', 'information', 'contact', 'holly', 'brace', 'jp', 'recruit', 'alternatively', 'email', 'hollyjprec']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Account Manager  Insurances
Webindex: 72447151
Company: Pendry Selection Services
Description: Account Manager INSURANCES Our Client, an important Financial Services company seeks a switchedon Telesales Officer to provide a fullyadvised sales service to new and existing customers who are in need of insurance products, including Private Medical Insurance. A good basic salary of up to **** p.a.plus generous uncapped bonus are offered, plus 20 days plus statutory holidays, subsidized gym and free parking. Account Manager  Convert supplied leads into sales  Cross sell ancillary products  Achieve weekly and monthly targets  Offer a high level of customer service  Record and maintain notes on all cases Account Manager ATTRIBUTES  Demonstrable track record of high achievement in sales  Previous experience in general insurance sales including PMI  Clean credit history and good references  Stable employment record  Must live near Doncaster  Must be able to work flexible rolling day shifts Account Manager ATTRIBUTES  CeMAP qualification  ACCI qualification This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountManagerInsurances_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00344.txt " Account Manager  Insurances" " 72447151" " Pendry Selection Services" " Account Manager INSURANCES Our Client, an important Financial Services company seeks a switchedon Telesales Officer to provide a fullyadvised sales service to new and existing customers who are in need of insurance products, including Private Medical Insurance. A good basic salary of up to **** p.a.plus generous uncapped bonus are offered, plus 20 days plus statutory holidays, subsidized gym and free parking. Account Manager  Convert supplied leads into sales  Cross sell ancillary products  Achieve weekly and monthly targets  Offer a high level of customer service  Record and maintain notes on all cases Account Manager ATTRIBUTES  Demonstrable track record of high achievement in sales  Previous experience in general insurance sales including PMI  Clean credit history and good references  Stable employment record  Must live near Doncaster  Must be able to work flexible rolling day shifts Account Manager ATTRIBUTES  CeMAP qualification  ACCI qualification This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountManagerInsurances_job****" "['account', 'insurances', 'important', 'seeks', 'telesales', 'officer', 'existing', 'customers', 'insurance', 'products', 'private', 'medical', 'insurance', 'basic', 'generous', 'uncapped', 'bonus', 'offered', 'days', 'statutory', 'holidays', 'gym', 'free', 'parking', 'account', 'convert', 'supplied', 'leads', 'cross', 'sell', 'ancillary', 'products', 'achieve', 'weekly', 'monthly', 'targets', 'offer', 'level', 'record', 'maintain', 'notes', 'cases', 'account', 'attributes', 'demonstrable', 'track', 'record', 'achievement', 'previous', 'general', 'insurance', 'pmi', 'clean', 'credit', 'history', 'references', 'stable', 'employment', 'record', 'live', 'doncaster', 'flexible', 'rolling', 'day', 'shifts', 'account', 'attributes', 'cemap', 'qualification', 'qualification', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Care Manager  Domiciliary
Webindex: 70448586
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Fancy only working with direct payment / private domiciliary care / home care clients? If youre an experienced domiciliary care manager who would like to work within a supportive environment with plenty of responsibility, then this could be your next move. Required skills and expertise: Strong domiciliary care management experience required with the ability to lead your team of carers, ensuring all service users are consistently being provided with the best quality of care. Your service users are all primarily private clients / direct payments. Office is providing over **** hours to **** private payment clients Undertake regular client visits with service users. Support the office based team (recruitment, administration and care coordinator team) as well as the team of carers. Day to day management of the domiciliary care branch, including the maintenance of accurate records in line with legal requirements. Providing reports and information for the Director and Head Office as required. Role is subject to Enhanced CRB. Salary is ****" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00468.txt " Care Manager  Domiciliary" " 70448586" " UKStaffsearch" " Fancy only working with direct payment / private domiciliary care / home care clients? If youre an experienced domiciliary care manager who would like to work within a supportive environment with plenty of responsibility, then this could be your next move. Required skills and expertise: Strong domiciliary care management experience required with the ability to lead your team of carers, ensuring all service users are consistently being provided with the best quality of care. Your service users are all primarily private clients / direct payments. Office is providing over **** hours to **** private payment clients Undertake regular client visits with service users. Support the office based team (recruitment, administration and care coordinator team) as well as the team of carers. Day to day management of the domiciliary care branch, including the maintenance of accurate records in line with legal requirements. Providing reports and information for the Director and Head Office as required. Role is subject to Enhanced CRB. Salary is ****" "['direct', 'payment', 'private', 'domiciliary', 'experienced', 'domiciliary', 'supportive', 'environment', 'plenty', 'responsibility', 'move', 'expertise', 'domiciliary', 'lead', 'carers', 'ensuring', 'users', 'consistently', 'provided', 'quality', 'users', 'primarily', 'private', 'direct', 'payments', 'office', 'providing', 'hours', 'private', 'payment', 'undertake', 'regular', 'visits', 'users', 'office', 'administration', 'coordinator', 'carers', 'day', 'day', 'domiciliary', 'branch', 'maintenance', 'accurate', 'records', 'line', 'legal', 'requirements', 'providing', 'reports', 'information', 'director', 'head', 'office', 'subject', 'enhanced', 'crb']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: ASSISTANT CAR SALES MANAGER, BRISTOL
Webindex: 69000079
Company: Hot Recruitment
Description: Assistant Car Sales Manager, Bristol. Our clients are a motoring group consisting of **** dealerships across the country and are currently recruiting for an Assistant Car Sales Manager to join their Bristol branch. WHO WE NEED BEHIND THE WHEEL We are looking for a personable, enthusiastic, thorough individual who will assist in leading and motivating a team of sales executives to sell vehicles including new and used cars in addition to maximising sales in the motability and local business markets. In the role of Assistant Car Sales Manager you will:  Be well organised with the ability to manage your time effectively.  Possess excellent interpersonal and customer facing skills  Be well versed in building effective working relationships and motivating those around you to continuously improve the business. You will have knowledge of the Motor Industry with a proven track record in achieving ambitious sales targets and looking for the next step into management or have similar experience in a comparable role. All candidates must have a full clean UK Driving Licence THE REWARDS As Assistant Sales Manager you will be rewarded with:  A basic salary of **** pa with an ote of up to **** per annum  Brand new Company Vehicle  Pension  Enhanced holiday entitlement  The opportunity to develop a sustainable, successful career. So, if you re ready to drive your way to success and deliver a star performance, then look no further. All you need to apply is vehicle sales experience, a full, clean driving licence, a GCSEstandard education (or equivalent) and a positive, flexible approach. HOW TO APPLY: Please note that in accordance with Hot Recruitment Consultants recruitment and consultancy processes, if you are shortlisted your CV may be sent to the Hiring Manager at our Clients business and by applying for this position you give your consent for us to do so. Applications for the role of Assistant Car Sales Manager will only be considered if we are provided with a full CV detailing your similar recent work experience with dates of employment and ensure your contact numbers and residential address details are on your CV. You must have eligibility to work in the UK and a full valid UK Driving Licence. Please note, only suitable applicants will be contacted and incomplete CVs will not be considered. We look forward to hearing from you Sales, Management, Car Sales, Assistant Manager, Automotive, Motor, Retail, Vehicle" 3 data/Sales\Job_00682.txt " ASSISTANT CAR SALES MANAGER, BRISTOL" " 69000079" " Hot Recruitment" " Assistant Car Sales Manager, Bristol. Our clients are a motoring group consisting of **** dealerships across the country and are currently recruiting for an Assistant Car Sales Manager to join their Bristol branch. WHO WE NEED BEHIND THE WHEEL We are looking for a personable, enthusiastic, thorough individual who will assist in leading and motivating a team of sales executives to sell vehicles including new and used cars in addition to maximising sales in the motability and local business markets. In the role of Assistant Car Sales Manager you will:  Be well organised with the ability to manage your time effectively.  Possess excellent interpersonal and customer facing skills  Be well versed in building effective working relationships and motivating those around you to continuously improve the business. You will have knowledge of the Motor Industry with a proven track record in achieving ambitious sales targets and looking for the next step into management or have similar experience in a comparable role. All candidates must have a full clean UK Driving Licence THE REWARDS As Assistant Sales Manager you will be rewarded with:  A basic salary of **** pa with an ote of up to **** per annum  Brand new Company Vehicle  Pension  Enhanced holiday entitlement  The opportunity to develop a sustainable, successful career. So, if you re ready to drive your way to success and deliver a star performance, then look no further. All you need to apply is vehicle sales experience, a full, clean driving licence, a GCSEstandard education (or equivalent) and a positive, flexible approach. HOW TO APPLY: Please note that in accordance with Hot Recruitment Consultants recruitment and consultancy processes, if you are shortlisted your CV may be sent to the Hiring Manager at our Clients business and by applying for this position you give your consent for us to do so. Applications for the role of Assistant Car Sales Manager will only be considered if we are provided with a full CV detailing your similar recent work experience with dates of employment and ensure your contact numbers and residential address details are on your CV. You must have eligibility to work in the UK and a full valid UK Driving Licence. Please note, only suitable applicants will be contacted and incomplete CVs will not be considered. We look forward to hearing from you Sales, Management, Car Sales, Assistant Manager, Automotive, Motor, Retail, Vehicle" "['assistant', 'car', 'bristol', 'motoring', 'group', 'consisting', 'dealerships', 'country', 'recruiting', 'assistant', 'car', 'bristol', 'branch', 'personable', 'enthusiastic', 'individual', 'assist', 'motivating', 'executives', 'sell', 'vehicles', 'cars', 'addition', 'maximising', 'local', 'markets', 'assistant', 'car', 'organised', 'manage', 'time', 'effectively', 'possess', 'interpersonal', 'facing', 'versed', 'building', 'effective', 'relationships', 'motivating', 'continuously', 'improve', 'motor', 'industry', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'achieving', 'ambitious', 'targets', 'step', 'similar', 'comparable', 'candidates', 'clean', 'driving', 'licence', 'rewards', 'assistant', 'rewarded', 'basic', 'pa', 'ote', 'annum', 'brand', 'vehicle', 'pension', 'enhanced', 'holiday', 'entitlement', 'develop', 'sustainable', 'career', 'ready', 'drive', 'success', 'deliver', 'star', 'performance', 'vehicle', 'clean', 'driving', 'licence', 'education', 'equivalent', 'positive', 'flexible', 'approach', 'note', 'accordance', 'hot', 'consultants', 'consultancy', 'processes', 'shortlisted', 'cv', 'hiring', 'applying', 'give', 'consent', 'applications', 'assistant', 'car', 'considered', 'provided', 'cv', 'detailing', 'similar', 'recent', 'dates', 'employment', 'contact', 'numbers', 'residential', 'address', 'details', 'cv', 'eligibility', 'valid', 'driving', 'licence', 'note', 'suitable', 'applicants', 'contacted', 'incomplete', 'cvs', 'considered', 'forward', 'hearing', 'car', 'assistant', 'automotive', 'motor', 'retail', 'vehicle']" Sales
"Title: Commercial Underwriting Motor Team Leader
Webindex: 68714140
Company: Randstad Financial & Professional
Description: Our client, a leading insurance company, currently seeks a Commercial Motor Team Leader, to be based in London. The Commercial Motor Team Leader will be responsible for:  To take full ownership of day to day management of business class in the Head of Commercial Motor's absence.  To develop and demonstrate in depth knowledge of the specialist business classes (Motor Fleet/Motor Trade/Taxi).  Responsible for the Quoting in accordance with Terms of Reference all Fleet Renewals and New Business. To promote maintain relationships with key supporting brokers.  All work to be processed in a timely fashion to meet Motor Insurance Database Time to Supply targets.  Respond effectively to both internal and external correspondence  Accurately write up new business cases, clear down PRV reports, invite renewals action renewal scrutinies correctly. As such, the successful Commercial Motor Team Leader will have the following skills and experience:  Experience of working in an Underwriting environment/motor broking with specific focus on Commercial Motor Fleet business  Self motivated  Act in a professional manner at all times  A positive attitude  Ability to work under pressure  Good organisation  Computer literate, MS Office  Team player  Ability to communicate well at all levels both verbally and in writing  Well spoken and presented  Ability to cope under pressure This is a great opportunity for an experienced Commercial Motor Team Leader with strong communication skills to work for one of the most respected insurance companies in the world. If you have the above qualities, and wish to further your career as a Commercial Motor Team Leader, then please apply today. Randstad Financial Professional encourage applications from individuals of all ages backgrounds. Appointment will be made on merit alone but candidates must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the UK. Randstad Financial Professional acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment an employment business for temporary recruitment as defined by the Conduct of Employment Agencies Employment Business Regulations **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommercialUnderwritingMotorTeamLeader_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00252.txt " Commercial Underwriting Motor Team Leader" " 68714140" " Randstad Financial & Professional" " Our client, a leading insurance company, currently seeks a Commercial Motor Team Leader, to be based in London. The Commercial Motor Team Leader will be responsible for:  To take full ownership of day to day management of business class in the Head of Commercial Motor's absence.  To develop and demonstrate in depth knowledge of the specialist business classes (Motor Fleet/Motor Trade/Taxi).  Responsible for the Quoting in accordance with Terms of Reference all Fleet Renewals and New Business. To promote maintain relationships with key supporting brokers.  All work to be processed in a timely fashion to meet Motor Insurance Database Time to Supply targets.  Respond effectively to both internal and external correspondence  Accurately write up new business cases, clear down PRV reports, invite renewals action renewal scrutinies correctly. As such, the successful Commercial Motor Team Leader will have the following skills and experience:  Experience of working in an Underwriting environment/motor broking with specific focus on Commercial Motor Fleet business  Self motivated  Act in a professional manner at all times  A positive attitude  Ability to work under pressure  Good organisation  Computer literate, MS Office  Team player  Ability to communicate well at all levels both verbally and in writing  Well spoken and presented  Ability to cope under pressure This is a great opportunity for an experienced Commercial Motor Team Leader with strong communication skills to work for one of the most respected insurance companies in the world. If you have the above qualities, and wish to further your career as a Commercial Motor Team Leader, then please apply today. Randstad Financial Professional encourage applications from individuals of all ages backgrounds. Appointment will be made on merit alone but candidates must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the UK. Randstad Financial Professional acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment an employment business for temporary recruitment as defined by the Conduct of Employment Agencies Employment Business Regulations **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommercialUnderwritingMotorTeamLeader_job****" "['insurance', 'seeks', 'commercial', 'motor', 'leader', 'london', 'commercial', 'motor', 'leader', 'responsible', 'ownership', 'day', 'day', 'class', 'head', 'commercial', 'absence', 'develop', 'demonstrate', 'depth', 'specialist', 'classes', 'motor', 'fleet', 'motor', 'trade', 'responsible', 'quoting', 'accordance', 'terms', 'reference', 'fleet', 'renewals', 'promote', 'maintain', 'relationships', 'key', 'supporting', 'brokers', 'processed', 'timely', 'fashion', 'meet', 'motor', 'insurance', 'database', 'time', 'supply', 'targets', 'respond', 'effectively', 'internal', 'external', 'correspondence', 'accurately', 'write', 'cases', 'clear', 'reports', 'invite', 'renewals', 'action', 'renewal', 'correctly', 'commercial', 'motor', 'leader', 'underwriting', 'environment', 'motor', 'broking', 'specific', 'focus', 'commercial', 'motor', 'fleet', 'motivated', 'act', 'professional', 'manner', 'times', 'positive', 'attitude', 'pressure', 'organisation', 'computer', 'literate', 'ms', 'office', 'player', 'communicate', 'levels', 'verbally', 'writing', 'spoken', 'presented', 'cope', 'pressure', 'great', 'experienced', 'commercial', 'motor', 'leader', 'communication', 'respected', 'insurance', 'companies', 'world', 'qualities', 'career', 'commercial', 'motor', 'leader', 'today', 'randstad', 'professional', 'encourage', 'applications', 'individuals', 'ages', 'backgrounds', 'appointment', 'made', 'merit', 'candidates', 'demonstrate', 'randstad', 'professional', 'acts', 'employment', 'agency', 'permanent', 'employment', 'temporary', 'defined', 'conduct', 'employment', 'agencies', 'employment', 'regulations', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Insurance Sales Executive  Poynton
Webindex: 68612091
Company: Selection Group Limited
Description: Insurance Sales Executive up to ****  Commission  Benefits This vacancy is to cover both the Wilmslow and Poynton branches, so you must be able to travel. A fantastic opportunity has arisen working within this national, market leading financial services organizations branch network, currently recruiting for branch based customer sales executives. You will be responsible for providing a front line customer service and sales facility to both potential and existing customers. Ensuring that a first class level of customer care is delivered in a professional and informative manner, you will also be capable of identifying and maximising on sales opportunities, with the ability to successfully convert potential customers into ongoing business. Above all, you will represent a welcoming and professional face for the company. The successful applicant will have a strong background of working within a target driven, customer focussed environment, with either previous branch or call centre gained experience being of tremendous advantage. No knowledge of the financial services market is required, as full training will be given, however the desire to learn, and the ability to understand and express detailed information to customers is vital. You will have a good level of education, with proven ability for working with figures. In return for your hard work, skill and dedication, you will be rewarded with an extremely competitive basic salary, coupled with outstanding commission earning potential based on the new business you bring to the company. In addition to this, you will receive ongoing training and development, fantastic company benefits, and above all the opportunity to join an established, thriving company with genuine opportunities for career development. Salary is ****  **** dependant on experience with uncapped commission. Hours are from Monday to Friday working from 9am until ****:30pm and Saturday from 9am until 1pm on a rota basis." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00297.txt " Insurance Sales Executive  Poynton" " 68612091" " Selection Group Limited" " Insurance Sales Executive up to ****  Commission  Benefits This vacancy is to cover both the Wilmslow and Poynton branches, so you must be able to travel. A fantastic opportunity has arisen working within this national, market leading financial services organizations branch network, currently recruiting for branch based customer sales executives. You will be responsible for providing a front line customer service and sales facility to both potential and existing customers. Ensuring that a first class level of customer care is delivered in a professional and informative manner, you will also be capable of identifying and maximising on sales opportunities, with the ability to successfully convert potential customers into ongoing business. Above all, you will represent a welcoming and professional face for the company. The successful applicant will have a strong background of working within a target driven, customer focussed environment, with either previous branch or call centre gained experience being of tremendous advantage. No knowledge of the financial services market is required, as full training will be given, however the desire to learn, and the ability to understand and express detailed information to customers is vital. You will have a good level of education, with proven ability for working with figures. In return for your hard work, skill and dedication, you will be rewarded with an extremely competitive basic salary, coupled with outstanding commission earning potential based on the new business you bring to the company. In addition to this, you will receive ongoing training and development, fantastic company benefits, and above all the opportunity to join an established, thriving company with genuine opportunities for career development. Salary is ****  **** dependant on experience with uncapped commission. Hours are from Monday to Friday working from 9am until ****:30pm and Saturday from 9am until 1pm on a rota basis." "['insurance', 'executive', 'commission', 'benefits', 'vacancy', 'cover', 'branches', 'travel', 'fantastic', 'arisen', 'national', 'market', 'branch', 'network', 'recruiting', 'branch', 'executives', 'responsible', 'providing', 'front', 'line', 'facility', 'potential', 'existing', 'customers', 'ensuring', 'class', 'level', 'delivered', 'professional', 'manner', 'capable', 'identifying', 'maximising', 'opportunities', 'successfully', 'convert', 'potential', 'customers', 'ongoing', 'represent', 'welcoming', 'professional', 'face', 'applicant', 'background', 'target', 'driven', 'focussed', 'environment', 'previous', 'branch', 'call', 'centre', 'gained', 'tremendous', 'advantage', 'market', 'desire', 'learn', 'understand', 'express', 'detailed', 'information', 'customers', 'vital', 'level', 'education', 'proven', 'figures', 'return', 'hard', 'skill', 'dedication', 'rewarded', 'extremely', 'competitive', 'basic', 'coupled', 'outstanding', 'commission', 'earning', 'potential', 'bring', 'addition', 'receive', 'ongoing', 'fantastic', 'benefits', 'established', 'thriving', 'genuine', 'opportunities', 'career', 'dependant', 'uncapped', 'commission', 'hours', 'monday', 'friday', 'pm', 'saturday', 'pm', 'rota', 'basis']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: CNC Mazak Setter / Programmer
Webindex: 69147753
Company: The Best Connection Group
Description: We are currently recruiting for a temporary position. Required to work for a medium / small batch work. Must be able to work unsupervised and work to drawings. Mazak machining centre experience is essential. To apply please call Steve Causer" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00108.txt " CNC Mazak Setter / Programmer" " 69147753" " The Best Connection Group" " We are currently recruiting for a temporary position. Required to work for a medium / small batch work. Must be able to work unsupervised and work to drawings. Mazak machining centre experience is essential. To apply please call Steve Causer" "['recruiting', 'temporary', 'medium', 'small', 'batch', 'unsupervised', 'drawings', 'mazak', 'machining', 'centre', 'essential', 'call', 'steve']" Engineering
"Title: Compliance Officer
Webindex: 69594171
Company: Huntswood Plc
Description: Key responsibilities: Undertake monitoring reviews in line with the European Compliance Plan across a range of different business areas Monitor and advise on all relevant regulatory and compliance developments impacting TWG Europe Assess the adequacy of internal processes, systems and controls to ensure meet internal policy, regulatory rules and guidance and governance requirements affecting the business Recommend where appropriate, improvements to controls to ensure compliance with regulation, helping maintain the TCF culture by ensuring customers are treated fairly Monitoring agreed remedial actions following previous reviews and reporting on progress Provide compliance reports to Operational and Senior Management, Risk Committee and the Board Provide technical advice, guidance, support and where required training to the business on compliance related matters Help ensure business owners across the group are aware of their compliance responsibilities and that where required they implement robust controls to mitigate the underlying risks, Provide Compliance sign off approvals and oversee FSA returns as required Provide support and mentoring to any junior members of the team as required Experience: History of working within a General Insurance environment Experience within a Compliance role for an FSA regulated insurer. Ideally a mixture of monitoring and technical experience and of developing and delivering on a robust compliance monitoring plan Demonstrable knowledge of General Insurance legislation regulation particularly of ICOBS and DISP in the FSA Handbook. This will have been gained from working in a General Insurance regulated firm. Analytical ability to understand and interpret different and complex regulatory requirements Qualifications: Degree or A level educated (equivalent) and / or relevant industry qualifications If you have the required skills and experience for this Compliance Officer role, then please submit your CV for consideration. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ComplianceOfficer_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00358.txt " Compliance Officer" " 69594171" " Huntswood Plc" " Key responsibilities: Undertake monitoring reviews in line with the European Compliance Plan across a range of different business areas Monitor and advise on all relevant regulatory and compliance developments impacting TWG Europe Assess the adequacy of internal processes, systems and controls to ensure meet internal policy, regulatory rules and guidance and governance requirements affecting the business Recommend where appropriate, improvements to controls to ensure compliance with regulation, helping maintain the TCF culture by ensuring customers are treated fairly Monitoring agreed remedial actions following previous reviews and reporting on progress Provide compliance reports to Operational and Senior Management, Risk Committee and the Board Provide technical advice, guidance, support and where required training to the business on compliance related matters Help ensure business owners across the group are aware of their compliance responsibilities and that where required they implement robust controls to mitigate the underlying risks, Provide Compliance sign off approvals and oversee FSA returns as required Provide support and mentoring to any junior members of the team as required Experience: History of working within a General Insurance environment Experience within a Compliance role for an FSA regulated insurer. Ideally a mixture of monitoring and technical experience and of developing and delivering on a robust compliance monitoring plan Demonstrable knowledge of General Insurance legislation regulation particularly of ICOBS and DISP in the FSA Handbook. This will have been gained from working in a General Insurance regulated firm. Analytical ability to understand and interpret different and complex regulatory requirements Qualifications: Degree or A level educated (equivalent) and / or relevant industry qualifications If you have the required skills and experience for this Compliance Officer role, then please submit your CV for consideration. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ComplianceOfficer_job****" "['key', 'responsibilities', 'undertake', 'monitoring', 'reviews', 'line', 'european', 'compliance', 'plan', 'range', 'areas', 'monitor', 'advise', 'relevant', 'regulatory', 'compliance', 'developments', 'europe', 'assess', 'adequacy', 'internal', 'processes', 'controls', 'meet', 'internal', 'policy', 'regulatory', 'rules', 'guidance', 'governance', 'requirements', 'affecting', 'recommend', 'improvements', 'controls', 'compliance', 'regulation', 'helping', 'maintain', 'tcf', 'culture', 'ensuring', 'customers', 'treated', 'fairly', 'monitoring', 'agreed', 'remedial', 'actions', 'previous', 'reviews', 'reporting', 'progress', 'compliance', 'reports', 'operational', 'senior', 'risk', 'committee', 'board', 'technical', 'advice', 'guidance', 'compliance', 'related', 'matters', 'owners', 'group', 'aware', 'compliance', 'responsibilities', 'implement', 'robust', 'controls', 'mitigate', 'underlying', 'risks', 'compliance', 'sign', 'oversee', 'fsa', 'returns', 'mentoring', 'junior', 'members', 'history', 'general', 'insurance', 'environment', 'compliance', 'fsa', 'regulated', 'insurer', 'ideally', 'mixture', 'monitoring', 'technical', 'developing', 'delivering', 'robust', 'compliance', 'monitoring', 'plan', 'demonstrable', 'general', 'insurance', 'legislation', 'regulation', 'fsa', 'handbook', 'gained', 'general', 'insurance', 'regulated', 'firm', 'analytical', 'understand', 'interpret', 'complex', 'regulatory', 'requirements', 'qualifications', 'degree', 'level', 'educated', 'equivalent', 'relevant', 'industry', 'qualifications', 'compliance', 'officer', 'submit', 'cv', 'consideration', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Quantity Surveyor / Senior Quantity Surveyor  Civils
Webindex: 68707581
Company: Cityscape Recruitment Ltd
Description: Quantity Surveyor / Senior Quantity Surveyor  Civils My client is a large Civils contractor that operate across the UK in a wide range of sectors both within Civil Engineering and construction. Specifically, they have a number of offices in the UK and a main office in the Barnsley area The company have grown on performance and reputation and have grown significantly over a period of time and are now one of the industries largest contractors that operate across the entire civil engineering sector.They recruit only the best people who can work with an open mind, with dedication and with a professional outtake. There are excellent opportunities for the right candidate to join a strong yet growing company where he/she will have the opportunity to develop, grow and expand. There are also longterm opportunities within the company for you to work your way up the ladder. They cover sectors such as infrastructure, build, construction and Civil engineering. The company are involved in a number of large and smaller projects across each sector and boast a quality, passionate and thorough service. The role: I am currently recruiting for a QS / SQS to join a known Civils contractor. The business has grown significantly over the past few years there is the plan to at least double in size. The company are continuously involved in some of the biggest rail projects in the civil engineering industry, all long term projects and their quality and reputation is working brilliantly for them in their expansion and growth. The ideal candidate for this role will have previous experience within Rail or general civils. You will have experience / knowledge of the NEC form of contract. You will display longevity for another contractor and a thorough work history. You will be based from my clients London offices which is in a good location for travel to sites within the central London vicinity. Package: The salary range for these roles are ****  **** per annum  travel allowances a few standard additions. Apply: Please send a CV to leannecityscapeltd.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/QuantitySurveyorSeniorQuantitySurveyorCivils_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00069.txt " Quantity Surveyor / Senior Quantity Surveyor  Civils" " 68707581" " Cityscape Recruitment Ltd" " Quantity Surveyor / Senior Quantity Surveyor  Civils My client is a large Civils contractor that operate across the UK in a wide range of sectors both within Civil Engineering and construction. Specifically, they have a number of offices in the UK and a main office in the Barnsley area The company have grown on performance and reputation and have grown significantly over a period of time and are now one of the industries largest contractors that operate across the entire civil engineering sector.They recruit only the best people who can work with an open mind, with dedication and with a professional outtake. There are excellent opportunities for the right candidate to join a strong yet growing company where he/she will have the opportunity to develop, grow and expand. There are also longterm opportunities within the company for you to work your way up the ladder. They cover sectors such as infrastructure, build, construction and Civil engineering. The company are involved in a number of large and smaller projects across each sector and boast a quality, passionate and thorough service. The role: I am currently recruiting for a QS / SQS to join a known Civils contractor. The business has grown significantly over the past few years there is the plan to at least double in size. The company are continuously involved in some of the biggest rail projects in the civil engineering industry, all long term projects and their quality and reputation is working brilliantly for them in their expansion and growth. The ideal candidate for this role will have previous experience within Rail or general civils. You will have experience / knowledge of the NEC form of contract. You will display longevity for another contractor and a thorough work history. You will be based from my clients London offices which is in a good location for travel to sites within the central London vicinity. Package: The salary range for these roles are ****  **** per annum  travel allowances a few standard additions. Apply: Please send a CV to leannecityscapeltd.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/QuantitySurveyorSeniorQuantitySurveyorCivils_job****" "['quantity', 'surveyor', 'senior', 'quantity', 'surveyor', 'civils', 'large', 'civils', 'contractor', 'operate', 'wide', 'range', 'sectors', 'civil', 'construction', 'specifically', 'number', 'offices', 'main', 'office', 'barnsley', 'area', 'grown', 'performance', 'reputation', 'grown', 'significantly', 'period', 'time', 'industries', 'largest', 'contractors', 'operate', 'entire', 'civil', 'sector', 'recruit', 'people', 'open', 'mind', 'dedication', 'professional', 'opportunities', 'growing', 'develop', 'grow', 'expand', 'longterm', 'opportunities', 'ladder', 'cover', 'sectors', 'infrastructure', 'build', 'construction', 'civil', 'involved', 'number', 'large', 'smaller', 'projects', 'sector', 'boast', 'quality', 'passionate', 'recruiting', 'civils', 'contractor', 'grown', 'significantly', 'past', 'years', 'plan', 'double', 'size', 'continuously', 'involved', 'biggest', 'rail', 'projects', 'civil', 'industry', 'long', 'term', 'projects', 'quality', 'reputation', 'expansion', 'growth', 'ideal', 'previous', 'rail', 'general', 'civils', 'nec', 'form', 'contract', 'display', 'contractor', 'history', 'london', 'offices', 'location', 'travel', 'sites', 'central', 'london', 'package', 'range', 'roles', 'annum', 'travel', 'allowances', 'standard', 'additions', 'send', 'cv', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Activity Coordinator
Webindex: 68507612
Company: Castlebeck
Description: As an Activities Coordinator your role will be to promote the independence and individual rights of the service users by maintain person centred approach. You will function as a focal point for person centred activities within the service providing:  Advice  Guidance  Assistance with planning, organising and evaluating sessions  Implementation of activity programmes You will also facilitate the ongoing support of the service users and others significant to them. Benefits:  22 days annual leave  Company pension scheme  Child Care Vouchers  Death in Service Benefit" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00577.txt " Activity Coordinator" " 68507612" " Castlebeck" " As an Activities Coordinator your role will be to promote the independence and individual rights of the service users by maintain person centred approach. You will function as a focal point for person centred activities within the service providing:  Advice  Guidance  Assistance with planning, organising and evaluating sessions  Implementation of activity programmes You will also facilitate the ongoing support of the service users and others significant to them. Benefits:  22 days annual leave  Company pension scheme  Child Care Vouchers  Death in Service Benefit" "['activities', 'coordinator', 'promote', 'independence', 'individual', 'rights', 'users', 'maintain', 'person', 'centred', 'approach', 'function', 'focal', 'point', 'person', 'centred', 'activities', 'providing', 'advice', 'guidance', 'assistance', 'planning', 'organising', 'evaluating', 'sessions', 'implementation', 'activity', 'programmes', 'facilitate', 'ongoing', 'users', 'significant', 'benefits', 'days', 'annual', 'leave', 'pension', 'scheme', 'child', 'vouchers', 'death', 'benefit']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: QA Section Manager
Webindex: 70256561
Company: Raebrooke Recruitment
Description: QA Section Manager Quality Department c****k plus excellent benefits Leicester Fantastic career move within a high profile Quality department with real prospects and personal development on offer. Main Purpose of Position: Managing a small team of QA’s, provide a comprehensive, responsive and professional day to day Quality Assurance service across the shift ensuring technical systems and standards are maintained at all times with the Factory. EXPERIENCE QUALIFICATIONS Qualified to degree level (or equivalent) in Food Science or Technical based discipline  essential Internal Audit Trained  desirable HACCP qualification – level 3 in HACCP for manufacturing  essential At least 2 years technical / QA experience at Supervisor / Manager level within the chilled food sector ideally Able to work a 4 on 4 off day based shift pattern High attention to detail and accuracy Please send your CV now for review if you meet the criteria set out above. Your application will be treated with absolute discretion. If you have not had a response within **** working days unfortunately your application has been unsuccessful on this occaision. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/QASectionManager_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00212.txt " QA Section Manager" " 70256561" " Raebrooke Recruitment" " QA Section Manager Quality Department c****k plus excellent benefits Leicester Fantastic career move within a high profile Quality department with real prospects and personal development on offer. Main Purpose of Position: Managing a small team of QA’s, provide a comprehensive, responsive and professional day to day Quality Assurance service across the shift ensuring technical systems and standards are maintained at all times with the Factory. EXPERIENCE QUALIFICATIONS Qualified to degree level (or equivalent) in Food Science or Technical based discipline  essential Internal Audit Trained  desirable HACCP qualification – level 3 in HACCP for manufacturing  essential At least 2 years technical / QA experience at Supervisor / Manager level within the chilled food sector ideally Able to work a 4 on 4 off day based shift pattern High attention to detail and accuracy Please send your CV now for review if you meet the criteria set out above. Your application will be treated with absolute discretion. If you have not had a response within **** working days unfortunately your application has been unsuccessful on this occaision. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/QASectionManager_job****" "['qa', 'section', 'quality', 'department', 'benefits', 'leicester', 'fantastic', 'career', 'move', 'profile', 'quality', 'department', 'real', 'prospects', 'personal', 'offer', 'main', 'purpose', 'managing', 'small', 'qa', 'comprehensive', 'responsive', 'professional', 'day', 'day', 'quality', 'assurance', 'shift', 'ensuring', 'technical', 'standards', 'maintained', 'times', 'factory', 'qualifications', 'qualified', 'degree', 'level', 'equivalent', 'food', 'science', 'technical', 'discipline', 'essential', 'internal', 'audit', 'trained', 'desirable', 'haccp', 'qualification', 'level', 'haccp', 'manufacturing', 'essential', 'years', 'technical', 'qa', 'supervisor', 'level', 'food', 'sector', 'ideally', 'day', 'shift', 'pattern', 'attention', 'detail', 'accuracy', 'send', 'cv', 'review', 'meet', 'criteria', 'set', 'application', 'treated', 'absolute', 'discretion', 'response', 'days', 'application', 'unsuccessful', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: PLC Engineer
Webindex: 67946086
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction My client has an immediate requirement for a PLC Engineer to join their fast growing Power Generation division. Important PLC Engineer, Control Systems The Job This is a fantastic opportunity for a PLC Engineer to join a leading firm within the Automation arena to work in the Power Generation sector. This role is to join an established team, working predominantly for power station clients, both on new system development and also supporting modifications to our large installed base of the firm s systems. The successful candidate will be required to design and implement PLC based automation systems for various boiler control and materials handling applications, along with related software engineering activities. There may be some periods of working on the client s site surveying existing equipment, and installing and commissioning systems but this role will be mainly based at their Staffordshire office. Successful candidates will have a Computer related or appropriate Engineering qualification (degree/HND) or comparable industrial experience. You should have a proven background in designing PLC or DCS based control systems, ideally with experience of control loop design and tuning, and knowledge of power station process plant. You will have an involvement throughout whole software/systems lifecycle, from design through coding to testing, installation and configuration, and documentation (working throughout to full QA procedures). Good client facing skills are essential, and you must be able to work as part of combined client/contractor team. A willingness to travel and work at customer sites when required is also important as is a full Driving licence. Desirable skills include experience of Rockwell Contrologix PLC s and/or Moore/Siemens APACS DCS, VB, VBA, C++, SQL database. Supervision / mentoring skills, and any SCADA configuration knowledge advantageous. Low voltage electrical skills to aid test/commissioning would also be beneficial. The Matchtech Controls amp; Automation team specialise in Automation and Control Systems requirements both from a contract or permanent perspective. Our requirements cover: DCS engineers, PLC engineers, SCADA Engineers, Safety Systems Engineers, ICA amp; Electrical controls engineers. Also including Project Management and senior appointments in the automation sector." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00149.txt " PLC Engineer" " 67946086" " Matchtech Group plc." " Introduction My client has an immediate requirement for a PLC Engineer to join their fast growing Power Generation division. Important PLC Engineer, Control Systems The Job This is a fantastic opportunity for a PLC Engineer to join a leading firm within the Automation arena to work in the Power Generation sector. This role is to join an established team, working predominantly for power station clients, both on new system development and also supporting modifications to our large installed base of the firm s systems. The successful candidate will be required to design and implement PLC based automation systems for various boiler control and materials handling applications, along with related software engineering activities. There may be some periods of working on the client s site surveying existing equipment, and installing and commissioning systems but this role will be mainly based at their Staffordshire office. Successful candidates will have a Computer related or appropriate Engineering qualification (degree/HND) or comparable industrial experience. You should have a proven background in designing PLC or DCS based control systems, ideally with experience of control loop design and tuning, and knowledge of power station process plant. You will have an involvement throughout whole software/systems lifecycle, from design through coding to testing, installation and configuration, and documentation (working throughout to full QA procedures). Good client facing skills are essential, and you must be able to work as part of combined client/contractor team. A willingness to travel and work at customer sites when required is also important as is a full Driving licence. Desirable skills include experience of Rockwell Contrologix PLC s and/or Moore/Siemens APACS DCS, VB, VBA, C++, SQL database. Supervision / mentoring skills, and any SCADA configuration knowledge advantageous. Low voltage electrical skills to aid test/commissioning would also be beneficial. The Matchtech Controls amp; Automation team specialise in Automation and Control Systems requirements both from a contract or permanent perspective. Our requirements cover: DCS engineers, PLC engineers, SCADA Engineers, Safety Systems Engineers, ICA amp; Electrical controls engineers. Also including Project Management and senior appointments in the automation sector." "['introduction', 'requirement', 'plc', 'fast', 'growing', 'power', 'generation', 'division', 'important', 'plc', 'control', 'fantastic', 'plc', 'firm', 'automation', 'arena', 'power', 'generation', 'sector', 'established', 'predominantly', 'power', 'station', 'system', 'supporting', 'modifications', 'large', 'installed', 'base', 'firm', 'implement', 'plc', 'automation', 'boiler', 'control', 'materials', 'handling', 'applications', 'related', 'software', 'activities', 'periods', 'site', 'surveying', 'existing', 'equipment', 'installing', 'commissioning', 'staffordshire', 'office', 'candidates', 'computer', 'related', 'qualification', 'degree', 'hnd', 'comparable', 'industrial', 'proven', 'background', 'designing', 'plc', 'dcs', 'control', 'ideally', 'control', 'loop', 'power', 'station', 'process', 'plant', 'involvement', 'software', 'lifecycle', 'coding', 'testing', 'installation', 'configuration', 'documentation', 'qa', 'procedures', 'facing', 'essential', 'part', 'combined', 'contractor', 'willingness', 'travel', 'sites', 'important', 'driving', 'licence', 'desirable', 'include', 'rockwell', 'plc', 'siemens', 'dcs', 'vb', 'vba', 'sql', 'database', 'supervision', 'mentoring', 'scada', 'configuration', 'advantageous', 'low', 'voltage', 'electrical', 'aid', 'test', 'commissioning', 'beneficial', 'matchtech', 'controls', 'amp', 'automation', 'specialise', 'automation', 'control', 'requirements', 'contract', 'permanent', 'perspective', 'requirements', 'cover', 'dcs', 'engineers', 'plc', 'engineers', 'scada', 'engineers', 'safety', 'engineers', 'ica', 'amp', 'electrical', 'controls', 'engineers', 'project', 'senior', 'appointments', 'automation', 'sector']" Engineering
"Title: Senior Account Executive (Sales)
Webindex: 69799803
Company: Boyce Recruitment
Description: My client is a global leader within the online Market Research industry. Along with a full suite of data collection services including specialty panels, custom panels and communities, mobile surveys, and observed digital behavior and ad tracking, they deliver the industry's most complete and highestquality online research. Due to expansion they are looking for two additional members for the Sales team in the UK, one position will be focused on New Business, while the second will be 50% business development and 50% account management. You will be an energetic individual who has a strong knowledge and understanding of research and research processes  particularly quantitative and online panel based research. They are looking for a client facing individual with extensive experience of pitching and closing deals and managing busy key accounts. This is a fast paced role, and you will be dealing with a high volume of daily transactions. This individual will sell online consumer and IT panel and services to market research, consulting, and enterprise accounts, and be working with some interesting clients. They are looking to pay a basic of circa ****K, with an OTE ****K. This is a fantastic time to join as they are continuing to grow and looking for two additional members to the team of **** The current team are dynamic and and hard working. The role will be reporting to the Sales Director. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorAccountExecutiveSales_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00651.txt " Senior Account Executive (Sales)" " 69799803" " Boyce Recruitment" " My client is a global leader within the online Market Research industry. Along with a full suite of data collection services including specialty panels, custom panels and communities, mobile surveys, and observed digital behavior and ad tracking, they deliver the industry's most complete and highestquality online research. Due to expansion they are looking for two additional members for the Sales team in the UK, one position will be focused on New Business, while the second will be 50% business development and 50% account management. You will be an energetic individual who has a strong knowledge and understanding of research and research processes  particularly quantitative and online panel based research. They are looking for a client facing individual with extensive experience of pitching and closing deals and managing busy key accounts. This is a fast paced role, and you will be dealing with a high volume of daily transactions. This individual will sell online consumer and IT panel and services to market research, consulting, and enterprise accounts, and be working with some interesting clients. They are looking to pay a basic of circa ****K, with an OTE ****K. This is a fantastic time to join as they are continuing to grow and looking for two additional members to the team of **** The current team are dynamic and and hard working. The role will be reporting to the Sales Director. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorAccountExecutiveSales_job****" "['global', 'leader', 'online', 'market', 'research', 'industry', 'suite', 'data', 'collection', 'specialty', 'panels', 'custom', 'panels', 'mobile', 'surveys', 'digital', 'ad', 'tracking', 'deliver', 'complete', 'online', 'research', 'due', 'expansion', 'additional', 'members', 'focused', 'account', 'energetic', 'individual', 'understanding', 'research', 'research', 'processes', 'quantitative', 'online', 'panel', 'research', 'facing', 'individual', 'extensive', 'pitching', 'closing', 'deals', 'managing', 'busy', 'key', 'accounts', 'fast', 'paced', 'dealing', 'volume', 'daily', 'transactions', 'individual', 'sell', 'online', 'consumer', 'panel', 'market', 'research', 'consulting', 'enterprise', 'accounts', 'interesting', 'pay', 'basic', 'circa', 'ote', 'fantastic', 'time', 'continuing', 'grow', 'additional', 'members', 'current', 'dynamic', 'hard', 'reporting', 'director', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Commercial Account Handler, Coleraine ****K
Webindex: 71635418
Company: Grafton Recruitment
Description: Grafton have been selected to seek a Commercial Account Manager for a Leading insurance service provider in Northern Ireland, based in their Coleraine branch. The purpose of the role is to provide complete professional service to prospects, client and account executives in respect of quotations, adjustments, renewals and claims for all classes of commercial insurance. The Ideal candidate will have a minimum of 3 years Insurance experience and will provide the highest standard of customer care, service and client retention in order to succeed. RESPONSIBILITIES Provision of excellent customer service Dealing with all business clients in a professional manner Processing and broking renewals promptly and efficiently, and maintaining renewal retention rates Providing quotations and arranging new business Dealing effectively with customers needs; for example handling adjustments, renewals and other queries which may arise Handling of customer complaints in accordance with company procedure Maintaining FSA compliance at all times Maintain effective communication with all contacts, including insurance companies Raise debits and credits in an accurate and timely manner Create and update computer records Daily administration of policy documentation General office duties Complying with all company policies and procedures, including health and safety procedures Carrying out any other functions deemed necessary for the effective operation of the Department ESSENTIAL CRITERIA A Minimum of 3 Years Insurance Experience Be computer literate, with a working knowledge of computerised insurance systems Be Able to communicate effectively at all levels using a variety of media An effective, willing and enthusiastic team player Self motivated with the ability to manage own workloads and act on own initiative to achieve set targets Energy, enthusiasm and ability to work within an demanding environment that requires a hands on approach DESIRABLE Be in possession of, or working towards CII Minimum of 3 Years Commercial Insurance Experience Experience in a Broking Environment The successful candidate will have the opportunity to work with a leading Insurance provider and avail from many benefits including Private Medical Insurance, Childcare Voucher Scheme and training and development opportunities For further information please contact Nadine Savage on **** **** alternatively apply through the link attached" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00369.txt " Commercial Account Handler, Coleraine ****K" " 71635418" " Grafton Recruitment" " Grafton have been selected to seek a Commercial Account Manager for a Leading insurance service provider in Northern Ireland, based in their Coleraine branch. The purpose of the role is to provide complete professional service to prospects, client and account executives in respect of quotations, adjustments, renewals and claims for all classes of commercial insurance. The Ideal candidate will have a minimum of 3 years Insurance experience and will provide the highest standard of customer care, service and client retention in order to succeed. RESPONSIBILITIES Provision of excellent customer service Dealing with all business clients in a professional manner Processing and broking renewals promptly and efficiently, and maintaining renewal retention rates Providing quotations and arranging new business Dealing effectively with customers needs; for example handling adjustments, renewals and other queries which may arise Handling of customer complaints in accordance with company procedure Maintaining FSA compliance at all times Maintain effective communication with all contacts, including insurance companies Raise debits and credits in an accurate and timely manner Create and update computer records Daily administration of policy documentation General office duties Complying with all company policies and procedures, including health and safety procedures Carrying out any other functions deemed necessary for the effective operation of the Department ESSENTIAL CRITERIA A Minimum of 3 Years Insurance Experience Be computer literate, with a working knowledge of computerised insurance systems Be Able to communicate effectively at all levels using a variety of media An effective, willing and enthusiastic team player Self motivated with the ability to manage own workloads and act on own initiative to achieve set targets Energy, enthusiasm and ability to work within an demanding environment that requires a hands on approach DESIRABLE Be in possession of, or working towards CII Minimum of 3 Years Commercial Insurance Experience Experience in a Broking Environment The successful candidate will have the opportunity to work with a leading Insurance provider and avail from many benefits including Private Medical Insurance, Childcare Voucher Scheme and training and development opportunities For further information please contact Nadine Savage on **** **** alternatively apply through the link attached" "['selected', 'seek', 'commercial', 'account', 'insurance', 'provider', 'northern', 'ireland', 'branch', 'purpose', 'complete', 'professional', 'prospects', 'account', 'executives', 'respect', 'quotations', 'adjustments', 'renewals', 'claims', 'classes', 'commercial', 'insurance', 'ideal', 'minimum', 'years', 'insurance', 'highest', 'standard', 'retention', 'order', 'succeed', 'responsibilities', 'provision', 'dealing', 'professional', 'manner', 'processing', 'broking', 'renewals', 'promptly', 'efficiently', 'maintaining', 'renewal', 'retention', 'rates', 'providing', 'quotations', 'arranging', 'dealing', 'effectively', 'customers', 'handling', 'adjustments', 'renewals', 'queries', 'arise', 'handling', 'complaints', 'accordance', 'procedure', 'maintaining', 'fsa', 'compliance', 'times', 'maintain', 'effective', 'communication', 'contacts', 'insurance', 'companies', 'raise', 'debits', 'credits', 'accurate', 'timely', 'manner', 'create', 'update', 'computer', 'records', 'daily', 'administration', 'policy', 'documentation', 'general', 'office', 'duties', 'complying', 'policies', 'procedures', 'health', 'safety', 'procedures', 'carrying', 'functions', 'deemed', 'effective', 'operation', 'department', 'essential', 'criteria', 'minimum', 'years', 'insurance', 'computer', 'literate', 'computerised', 'insurance', 'communicate', 'effectively', 'levels', 'variety', 'media', 'effective', 'enthusiastic', 'player', 'motivated', 'manage', 'workloads', 'act', 'initiative', 'achieve', 'set', 'targets', 'energy', 'enthusiasm', 'demanding', 'environment', 'requires', 'hands', 'approach', 'desirable', 'minimum', 'years', 'commercial', 'insurance', 'broking', 'environment', 'insurance', 'provider', 'benefits', 'private', 'medical', 'insurance', 'childcare', 'voucher', 'scheme', 'opportunities', 'information', 'contact', 'alternatively', 'link', 'attached']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Support Workers  Derby
Webindex: 69615159
Company: Kare Plus Agencies Limited
Description: Kare Plus Derby is currently seeking enthusiastic and experienced Care Assistants/Support Workers to join our ever expanding team to work in various Nursing and Residential Care Homes across the Derbyshire area.Locations include Derby and the surrounding area. Shifts include a mix of care/ nursing home.You will be working alongside a team of highly trained nursing and care staff, providing high standards of care to residents, including nursing and personal care.Candidates would preferably drive or be comfortable and familiar with public transport networks, and be willing to travel in and around the area.The successful candidate will be of a caring nature, motivated and committed to helping others, and must be able to provide the following skills and experience: Recent Six Months care experience within a Nursing Home, Support Work or Residential Care Environment Have Excellent Communication Skills Have the ability to adapt to different working environments Be reliable, hardworking and flexible At times able to work on short notice availability Proof of eligibility to work in the UK Ideally have a NVQ in Health and Social care and it would be advantageous to have a Medication administration certificate. Be able to provide details of **** references from a healthcare settingAs part of the recruitment process you will also be required to complete an enhanced CRB check.Working for KarePlus you will receive a variety of benefits including: Excellent, competitive Pay Rates Flexible hours to meet your needs and fit around your diary Free Training Plus much moreKare Plus is an Equal Opportunities Employer and is committed to delivering high quality care and service delivery.Contact Adam or Mike at **** **** (MonFri 9am to 5pm) or send your CV to kpderbykareplus.co.uk" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00512.txt " Support Workers  Derby" " 69615159" " Kare Plus Agencies Limited" " Kare Plus Derby is currently seeking enthusiastic and experienced Care Assistants/Support Workers to join our ever expanding team to work in various Nursing and Residential Care Homes across the Derbyshire area.Locations include Derby and the surrounding area. Shifts include a mix of care/ nursing home.You will be working alongside a team of highly trained nursing and care staff, providing high standards of care to residents, including nursing and personal care.Candidates would preferably drive or be comfortable and familiar with public transport networks, and be willing to travel in and around the area.The successful candidate will be of a caring nature, motivated and committed to helping others, and must be able to provide the following skills and experience: Recent Six Months care experience within a Nursing Home, Support Work or Residential Care Environment Have Excellent Communication Skills Have the ability to adapt to different working environments Be reliable, hardworking and flexible At times able to work on short notice availability Proof of eligibility to work in the UK Ideally have a NVQ in Health and Social care and it would be advantageous to have a Medication administration certificate. Be able to provide details of **** references from a healthcare settingAs part of the recruitment process you will also be required to complete an enhanced CRB check.Working for KarePlus you will receive a variety of benefits including: Excellent, competitive Pay Rates Flexible hours to meet your needs and fit around your diary Free Training Plus much moreKare Plus is an Equal Opportunities Employer and is committed to delivering high quality care and service delivery.Contact Adam or Mike at **** **** (MonFri 9am to 5pm) or send your CV to kpderbykareplus.co.uk" "['derby', 'seeking', 'enthusiastic', 'experienced', 'assistants', 'workers', 'expanding', 'nursing', 'residential', 'homes', 'derbyshire', 'area', 'locations', 'include', 'derby', 'surrounding', 'area', 'shifts', 'include', 'mix', 'nursing', 'alongside', 'highly', 'trained', 'nursing', 'providing', 'standards', 'residents', 'nursing', 'personal', 'candidates', 'preferably', 'drive', 'comfortable', 'familiar', 'public', 'transport', 'networks', 'travel', 'area', 'caring', 'nature', 'motivated', 'committed', 'helping', 'recent', 'months', 'nursing', 'residential', 'environment', 'communication', 'adapt', 'environments', 'reliable', 'hardworking', 'flexible', 'times', 'short', 'notice', 'availability', 'proof', 'eligibility', 'ideally', 'nvq', 'health', 'social', 'advantageous', 'medication', 'administration', 'certificate', 'details', 'references', 'healthcare', 'part', 'process', 'complete', 'enhanced', 'crb', 'check', 'kareplus', 'receive', 'variety', 'benefits', 'competitive', 'pay', 'rates', 'flexible', 'hours', 'meet', 'fit', 'diary', 'free', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer', 'committed', 'delivering', 'quality', 'delivery', 'contact', 'adam', 'mike', 'monfri', 'pm', 'send', 'cv']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Pensions Administrator
Webindex: 71852020
Company: Hillman Saunders
Description: Are you a proven Pensions Administrator looking to work for one of the leading third party administrators in the UK? Then I have an excellent opportunity for you. The primary responsibility will be to provide a full pension's administration service to clients and customers in an accurate, efficient and timely manner. This would include the processing and settling of transfers and leavers of the pension scheme, as well as dealing with all types of retirement queries, including quotations, settlements and manual calculations. To be considered for this role you NEED to have good working knowledge of the above pension's administration duties; this will preferably come from working in a third party pension administrator. You will also need to have a high level of numeracy and literacy as this may be tested at interview stage. In return you will receive a very competitive salary, 25 days holiday, pension and benefits package. This is an excellent opportunity not be missed, so APPLY NOW  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PensionsAdministrator_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00239.txt " Pensions Administrator" " 71852020" " Hillman Saunders" " Are you a proven Pensions Administrator looking to work for one of the leading third party administrators in the UK? Then I have an excellent opportunity for you. The primary responsibility will be to provide a full pension's administration service to clients and customers in an accurate, efficient and timely manner. This would include the processing and settling of transfers and leavers of the pension scheme, as well as dealing with all types of retirement queries, including quotations, settlements and manual calculations. To be considered for this role you NEED to have good working knowledge of the above pension's administration duties; this will preferably come from working in a third party pension administrator. You will also need to have a high level of numeracy and literacy as this may be tested at interview stage. In return you will receive a very competitive salary, 25 days holiday, pension and benefits package. This is an excellent opportunity not be missed, so APPLY NOW  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PensionsAdministrator_job****" "['proven', 'pensions', 'administrator', 'party', 'administrators', 'primary', 'responsibility', ""pension's"", 'administration', 'customers', 'accurate', 'efficient', 'timely', 'manner', 'include', 'processing', 'settling', 'transfers', 'pension', 'scheme', 'dealing', 'types', 'retirement', 'queries', 'quotations', 'manual', 'calculations', 'considered', ""pension's"", 'administration', 'duties', 'preferably', 'party', 'pension', 'administrator', 'level', 'numeracy', 'literacy', 'tested', 'interview', 'stage', 'return', 'receive', 'competitive', 'days', 'holiday', 'pension', 'benefits', 'package', 'missed', 'fusion', 'people', 'committed', 'promoting', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'people', 'age', 'gender', 'religion', 'belief', 'race', 'sexuality', 'disability', 'operate', 'employment', 'agency', 'employment', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Procurement Supervisor
Webindex: 69776905
Company: NES UK
Description: An experienced Procurement Supervisor with background in oil and gas industry. Essential Skills for the Job: Extensive knowledge about procurement for general services, building services and management Extensive experience in establishing long terms relationship with vendors based on frame agreement and open orders Extensive experience in evaluation and selection of vendors through sophisticated Extensive experience on UKbased vendor for general services Experience with SAP and Excel Degree level The salary hasn t been defined (it will depend on the experience of the candidate) Degree level or equivalent is vital. Experience in oil and gas industry is vital" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00152.txt " Procurement Supervisor" " 69776905" " NES UK" " An experienced Procurement Supervisor with background in oil and gas industry. Essential Skills for the Job: Extensive knowledge about procurement for general services, building services and management Extensive experience in establishing long terms relationship with vendors based on frame agreement and open orders Extensive experience in evaluation and selection of vendors through sophisticated Extensive experience on UKbased vendor for general services Experience with SAP and Excel Degree level The salary hasn t been defined (it will depend on the experience of the candidate) Degree level or equivalent is vital. Experience in oil and gas industry is vital" "['experienced', 'procurement', 'supervisor', 'background', 'oil', 'gas', 'industry', 'essential', 'extensive', 'procurement', 'general', 'building', 'extensive', 'establishing', 'long', 'terms', 'relationship', 'vendors', 'frame', 'agreement', 'open', 'orders', 'extensive', 'evaluation', 'selection', 'vendors', 'extensive', 'vendor', 'general', 'sap', 'excel', 'degree', 'level', 'defined', 'depend', 'degree', 'level', 'equivalent', 'vital', 'oil', 'gas', 'industry', 'vital']" Engineering
"Title: Field Sales Executive CAD software Aberdeen  ****k OTE
Webindex: 69250648
Company: Brian Hawkins
Description: An exciting position is available at a market leading CAD Software/Manufacturing company with almost 2 decades experience and over **** clients, working as a Field Sales Executive to provide CAD software services and solutions. Job Title Field Sales Executive Industry CAD Software/Manufacturing Location Aberdeen Salary ******** basic, uncapped **** OTE, car, laptop, phone The Role As the Field Sales Executive you will report directly to the Sales Director and will be responsible with generating leads, making and meeting appointments and closing deals, selling CAD and CAM software services and solutions to the industrial sector. The Candidate The successful candidate for this challenging Field Sales Executive role must have a qualification in Mechanical Engineering and will be based near Aberdeen. You will have experience in the use and sale of CAD/CAM/Manufacturing solutions, as well as a proven and successful track record in new business sales. The Package This position as Field Sales Executive will be rewarded with a base salary of ******** negotiable based on previous experience, with a generous, uncapped commission scheme bringing OTE to **** plus benefits. If this sounds like the right opportunity for you, email your CV now to h2 recruit and you will be contacted for a confidential discussion. For more information on this and up to **** other live vacancies please visit our website on www. h2recruit.co.uk or call to speak to one of our highly trained consultants. h2 Recruit specialise in all sales positions including Internal Sales Executives, Business Development Executives, Business Development Manager, Sales Manager, Sales Director, Telesales and Account Management roles." 3 data/Sales\Job_00711.txt " Field Sales Executive CAD software Aberdeen  ****k OTE" " 69250648" " Brian Hawkins" " An exciting position is available at a market leading CAD Software/Manufacturing company with almost 2 decades experience and over **** clients, working as a Field Sales Executive to provide CAD software services and solutions. Job Title Field Sales Executive Industry CAD Software/Manufacturing Location Aberdeen Salary ******** basic, uncapped **** OTE, car, laptop, phone The Role As the Field Sales Executive you will report directly to the Sales Director and will be responsible with generating leads, making and meeting appointments and closing deals, selling CAD and CAM software services and solutions to the industrial sector. The Candidate The successful candidate for this challenging Field Sales Executive role must have a qualification in Mechanical Engineering and will be based near Aberdeen. You will have experience in the use and sale of CAD/CAM/Manufacturing solutions, as well as a proven and successful track record in new business sales. The Package This position as Field Sales Executive will be rewarded with a base salary of ******** negotiable based on previous experience, with a generous, uncapped commission scheme bringing OTE to **** plus benefits. If this sounds like the right opportunity for you, email your CV now to h2 recruit and you will be contacted for a confidential discussion. For more information on this and up to **** other live vacancies please visit our website on www. h2recruit.co.uk or call to speak to one of our highly trained consultants. h2 Recruit specialise in all sales positions including Internal Sales Executives, Business Development Executives, Business Development Manager, Sales Manager, Sales Director, Telesales and Account Management roles." "['exciting', 'market', 'cad', 'software', 'manufacturing', 'decades', 'field', 'executive', 'cad', 'software', 'solutions', 'title', 'field', 'executive', 'industry', 'cad', 'software', 'manufacturing', 'location', 'aberdeen', 'basic', 'uncapped', 'ote', 'car', 'laptop', 'phone', 'field', 'executive', 'report', 'directly', 'director', 'responsible', 'generating', 'leads', 'making', 'meeting', 'appointments', 'closing', 'deals', 'selling', 'cad', 'cam', 'software', 'solutions', 'industrial', 'sector', 'challenging', 'field', 'executive', 'qualification', 'mechanical', 'aberdeen', 'sale', 'cad', 'cam', 'manufacturing', 'solutions', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'package', 'field', 'executive', 'rewarded', 'base', 'negotiable', 'previous', 'generous', 'uncapped', 'commission', 'scheme', 'bringing', 'ote', 'benefits', 'sounds', 'email', 'cv', 'recruit', 'contacted', 'confidential', 'discussion', 'information', 'live', 'vacancies', 'visit', 'website', 'www', 'recruit', 'call', 'speak', 'highly', 'trained', 'consultants', 'recruit', 'specialise', 'positions', 'internal', 'executives', 'executives', 'director', 'telesales', 'account', 'roles']" Sales
"Title: High Voltage Engineer / HV Engineering
Webindex: 70309482
Company: networx
Description: Our client, a global heavy industrial manufacturing organisation, is now looking to recruit a High Voltage Engineer. They require a High Voltage Engineer to implement the high voltage maintenance strategy and provide professional engineering expertise to safely operate and maintain the Teesside Site High Voltage distribution network, including equipment up to ****kV in order to meet the business, Safety, Environmental, Financial and Operational objectives at minimum cost and in the safest manner. The position exists to provide detailed engineering expertise in High Voltage distribution systems; policies and safety practices, ensuring optimum outputs are achieved in the most economic and safe manner whilst underpinning the integrity and infrastructure of the site. The High Voltage Engineer also provides advice and support outside of normal business hours; this is done on a rota system. The successful candidate will be qualified to degree level, or equivalent, within an electrical engineering discipline with experience and knowledge of engineering within a similar heavy industrial manufacturing environment. With expert understanding of electrical power engineering, you must have demonstrative experience as an authorised person under High Voltage safety rules. This role is based in Redcar, commutable from Newcastle, Durham, Middlesbrough, Stockton on Tees and Darlington." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00119.txt " High Voltage Engineer / HV Engineering" " 70309482" " networx" " Our client, a global heavy industrial manufacturing organisation, is now looking to recruit a High Voltage Engineer. They require a High Voltage Engineer to implement the high voltage maintenance strategy and provide professional engineering expertise to safely operate and maintain the Teesside Site High Voltage distribution network, including equipment up to ****kV in order to meet the business, Safety, Environmental, Financial and Operational objectives at minimum cost and in the safest manner. The position exists to provide detailed engineering expertise in High Voltage distribution systems; policies and safety practices, ensuring optimum outputs are achieved in the most economic and safe manner whilst underpinning the integrity and infrastructure of the site. The High Voltage Engineer also provides advice and support outside of normal business hours; this is done on a rota system. The successful candidate will be qualified to degree level, or equivalent, within an electrical engineering discipline with experience and knowledge of engineering within a similar heavy industrial manufacturing environment. With expert understanding of electrical power engineering, you must have demonstrative experience as an authorised person under High Voltage safety rules. This role is based in Redcar, commutable from Newcastle, Durham, Middlesbrough, Stockton on Tees and Darlington." "['global', 'heavy', 'industrial', 'manufacturing', 'organisation', 'recruit', 'voltage', 'require', 'voltage', 'implement', 'voltage', 'maintenance', 'strategy', 'professional', 'expertise', 'safely', 'operate', 'maintain', 'teesside', 'site', 'voltage', 'distribution', 'network', 'equipment', 'kv', 'order', 'meet', 'safety', 'environmental', 'operational', 'objectives', 'minimum', 'cost', 'manner', 'exists', 'detailed', 'expertise', 'voltage', 'distribution', 'policies', 'safety', 'practices', 'ensuring', 'optimum', 'outputs', 'achieved', 'economic', 'safe', 'manner', 'whilst', 'underpinning', 'integrity', 'infrastructure', 'site', 'voltage', 'advice', 'normal', 'hours', 'rota', 'system', 'qualified', 'degree', 'level', 'equivalent', 'electrical', 'discipline', 'similar', 'heavy', 'industrial', 'manufacturing', 'environment', 'expert', 'understanding', 'electrical', 'power', 'demonstrative', 'authorised', 'person', 'voltage', 'safety', 'rules', 'redcar', 'commutable', 'newcastle', 'durham', 'middlesbrough', 'stockton', 'tees', 'darlington']" Engineering
"Title: Area Sales Manager  Water Coolers  London  ****k
Webindex: 68194862
Company: H2 Recruit Ltd 
Description: A market leader in the Drinking Water Systems Industry is looking for a successful Area Sales Manager to join their expanding business. Job Title: Area Sales Manager Industry: Drinking Water Systems Location: London Package: **** basic salary  uncapped OTE ****  Car, Mobile, Laptop The Role This is a fantastic opportunity for an experienced Area Sales Manager in the Vending Machine industry. Targeting a territory across London, you will be charged with ensuring that you are hitting monthly and quarterly targets. Selling a range of modern and innovative Drinking Water Systems into the Leisure, Hospitality and Corporate sectors, you will be expected to lead from the front and bring in New Business of your own and make sure the key accounts are being closely monitored in order to maximise client retention. Experience Required My client is looking for an experienced Area Sales Manager from directly within the Drinking Water Systems industry. You will need to show that you have sold into Hotels and Corporate clients and have a proven track record of overachieving in these markets. This is for a new business hunter and will not be suitable for account managers. The Package Excellent remuneration package that includes **** base salary depending on experience with one of the most rewarding commission structures in the industry and realistic OTE of **** uncapped, plus mobile, laptop, car, excellent chance for career development as well as excellent working conditions. If this sounds like the role for you and you want the opportunity to advance your career with a company who promote from within, email your CV now or call and you will be contacted for a strictly confidential discussion. Currently, h**** Recruit has over **** handpicked live vacancies within all sectors of the sales industry. Some of these include Business Information, IT Consultancy and HR Solutions. To view all our live vacancies please visit our website at URL removed where you will find out more about how we can help you with your search." 3 data/Sales\Job_00646.txt " Area Sales Manager  Water Coolers  London  ****k" " 68194862" " H2 Recruit Ltd " " A market leader in the Drinking Water Systems Industry is looking for a successful Area Sales Manager to join their expanding business. Job Title: Area Sales Manager Industry: Drinking Water Systems Location: London Package: **** basic salary  uncapped OTE ****  Car, Mobile, Laptop The Role This is a fantastic opportunity for an experienced Area Sales Manager in the Vending Machine industry. Targeting a territory across London, you will be charged with ensuring that you are hitting monthly and quarterly targets. Selling a range of modern and innovative Drinking Water Systems into the Leisure, Hospitality and Corporate sectors, you will be expected to lead from the front and bring in New Business of your own and make sure the key accounts are being closely monitored in order to maximise client retention. Experience Required My client is looking for an experienced Area Sales Manager from directly within the Drinking Water Systems industry. You will need to show that you have sold into Hotels and Corporate clients and have a proven track record of overachieving in these markets. This is for a new business hunter and will not be suitable for account managers. The Package Excellent remuneration package that includes **** base salary depending on experience with one of the most rewarding commission structures in the industry and realistic OTE of **** uncapped, plus mobile, laptop, car, excellent chance for career development as well as excellent working conditions. If this sounds like the role for you and you want the opportunity to advance your career with a company who promote from within, email your CV now or call and you will be contacted for a strictly confidential discussion. Currently, h**** Recruit has over **** handpicked live vacancies within all sectors of the sales industry. Some of these include Business Information, IT Consultancy and HR Solutions. To view all our live vacancies please visit our website at URL removed where you will find out more about how we can help you with your search." "['market', 'leader', 'drinking', 'water', 'industry', 'area', 'expanding', 'title', 'area', 'industry', 'drinking', 'water', 'location', 'london', 'package', 'basic', 'uncapped', 'ote', 'car', 'mobile', 'laptop', 'fantastic', 'experienced', 'area', 'vending', 'machine', 'industry', 'targeting', 'territory', 'london', 'charged', 'ensuring', 'hitting', 'monthly', 'quarterly', 'targets', 'selling', 'range', 'modern', 'innovative', 'drinking', 'water', 'leisure', 'hospitality', 'corporate', 'sectors', 'expected', 'lead', 'front', 'bring', 'make', 'key', 'accounts', 'closely', 'monitored', 'order', 'maximise', 'retention', 'experienced', 'area', 'directly', 'drinking', 'water', 'industry', 'show', 'sold', 'hotels', 'corporate', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'markets', 'hunter', 'suitable', 'account', 'managers', 'package', 'remuneration', 'package', 'includes', 'base', 'depending', 'rewarding', 'commission', 'structures', 'industry', 'realistic', 'ote', 'uncapped', 'mobile', 'laptop', 'car', 'chance', 'career', 'conditions', 'sounds', 'advance', 'career', 'promote', 'email', 'cv', 'call', 'contacted', 'strictly', 'confidential', 'discussion', 'recruit', 'handpicked', 'live', 'vacancies', 'sectors', 'industry', 'include', 'information', 'consultancy', 'hr', 'solutions', 'view', 'live', 'vacancies', 'visit', 'website', 'url', 'removed', 'find', 'search']" Sales
"Title: Deputy Nursing Home Manager  LD  Westmidlands
Webindex: 70756164
Company: P9 Rec Ltd
Description: Position:Deputy Nursing Home Manager Salary:****k pa Location:West Midlands Job Description: We are seeking a Deputy Home Manager to support the manager in the implementation of all policies and procedures, contribute to staff meeting and training for new and established staff. Job Requirements: Located in a residential area, close to local facilities this well established Registered Nursing Home is dedicated to providing care and support for people with learning disabilities, health care needs and other associated complex needs. These individuals take part in daily activities within the service and the community. Necessary Skills/Qualifications: RGN or RNLD or RMN qualified Nurse with Active NMC Pin Number. Interested in becoming an Deputy Manager for our Client? Apply today, They cannot wait to interview you Pick up the phone and call our head office on **** **** **** for a confidential chat Or apply with your CV through this job site Or register on our p****rec.com website where you can search all of our vacancies or recommend a friend for a reward P**** Rec  The experts in Social Care recruitment  with over ****00 years healthcare recruiting between our team, its no wonder our clients vote us their 1 stop shop recruiter Choose a Career, Choose a Future Choose P**** Rec Please note: To apply for any of our vacancies you must: be able to complete satisfactory CRB/POVA checks be authorised to work in the EEC. be able to provide **** employment references have an understanding and practice of the CQC code of conduct We do respond to applicants who do not have the required experience and qualifications. Services advertised by P**** Rec are those of an agency." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00539.txt " Deputy Nursing Home Manager  LD  Westmidlands" " 70756164" " P9 Rec Ltd" " Position:Deputy Nursing Home Manager Salary:****k pa Location:West Midlands Job Description: We are seeking a Deputy Home Manager to support the manager in the implementation of all policies and procedures, contribute to staff meeting and training for new and established staff. Job Requirements: Located in a residential area, close to local facilities this well established Registered Nursing Home is dedicated to providing care and support for people with learning disabilities, health care needs and other associated complex needs. These individuals take part in daily activities within the service and the community. Necessary Skills/Qualifications: RGN or RNLD or RMN qualified Nurse with Active NMC Pin Number. Interested in becoming an Deputy Manager for our Client? Apply today, They cannot wait to interview you Pick up the phone and call our head office on **** **** **** for a confidential chat Or apply with your CV through this job site Or register on our p****rec.com website where you can search all of our vacancies or recommend a friend for a reward P**** Rec  The experts in Social Care recruitment  with over ****00 years healthcare recruiting between our team, its no wonder our clients vote us their 1 stop shop recruiter Choose a Career, Choose a Future Choose P**** Rec Please note: To apply for any of our vacancies you must: be able to complete satisfactory CRB/POVA checks be authorised to work in the EEC. be able to provide **** employment references have an understanding and practice of the CQC code of conduct We do respond to applicants who do not have the required experience and qualifications. Services advertised by P**** Rec are those of an agency." "['deputy', 'nursing', 'pa', 'location', 'west', 'midlands', 'description', 'seeking', 'deputy', 'implementation', 'policies', 'procedures', 'contribute', 'meeting', 'established', 'requirements', 'located', 'residential', 'area', 'close', 'local', 'facilities', 'established', 'registered', 'nursing', 'dedicated', 'providing', 'people', 'learning', 'disabilities', 'health', 'complex', 'individuals', 'part', 'daily', 'activities', 'community', 'qualifications', 'rgn', 'rnld', 'rmn', 'qualified', 'nurse', 'active', 'nmc', 'pin', 'number', 'interested', 'deputy', 'today', 'interview', 'pick', 'phone', 'call', 'head', 'office', 'confidential', 'chat', 'cv', 'site', 'register', 'rec', 'website', 'search', 'vacancies', 'recommend', 'friend', 'reward', 'rec', 'experts', 'social', 'years', 'healthcare', 'recruiting', 'shop', 'recruiter', 'choose', 'career', 'choose', 'future', 'choose', 'rec', 'note', 'vacancies', 'complete', 'satisfactory', 'crb', 'pova', 'checks', 'authorised', 'employment', 'references', 'understanding', 'practice', 'cqc', 'code', 'conduct', 'respond', 'applicants', 'qualifications', 'advertised', 'rec', 'agency']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Associate Director  Internal Audit EMEA
Webindex: 71555733
Company: Hays Risk Compliance
Description: Internal Audit Associate Director London Upto ****  ****  benefits An exciting new opportunity has arisen for an Associate Director within the audit function of global bank based in the City. The opportunity is within the investment banking arm of the bank. This client has an extensive internal audit department, renowned for the training it provides for its staff. This role will provide a fantastic opportunity for both career and personal growth. Within this Associate Director role, you would be responsible for executing audit assignments in accordance with the audit plan and relevant policies and quality standards. You would work closely with key business stakeholders, assessing business risks and the effectiveness of their control mechanisms. A successful Internal Auditor will hold a relevant qualification (ACA, ACCA etc…), and have excellent experience from within the financial services industry, specifically from within an investment bank. A successful candidate will also have expert knowledge around one of these areas; wholesale financing products, primary and secondary debt capital markets, structured and leverage finance, and management of credit, market and liquidity risk for interest rate, equity, FX and commodity products and their derivatives. A successful candidate will also have excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, and be able to work well both individually and in a team. Benefits include:  Bonus  Car Allowance  Market Leading Pension Scheme  Excellent Holiday Entitlement Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C s, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00417.txt " Associate Director  Internal Audit EMEA" " 71555733" " Hays Risk Compliance" " Internal Audit Associate Director London Upto ****  ****  benefits An exciting new opportunity has arisen for an Associate Director within the audit function of global bank based in the City. The opportunity is within the investment banking arm of the bank. This client has an extensive internal audit department, renowned for the training it provides for its staff. This role will provide a fantastic opportunity for both career and personal growth. Within this Associate Director role, you would be responsible for executing audit assignments in accordance with the audit plan and relevant policies and quality standards. You would work closely with key business stakeholders, assessing business risks and the effectiveness of their control mechanisms. A successful Internal Auditor will hold a relevant qualification (ACA, ACCA etc…), and have excellent experience from within the financial services industry, specifically from within an investment bank. A successful candidate will also have expert knowledge around one of these areas; wholesale financing products, primary and secondary debt capital markets, structured and leverage finance, and management of credit, market and liquidity risk for interest rate, equity, FX and commodity products and their derivatives. A successful candidate will also have excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, and be able to work well both individually and in a team. Benefits include:  Bonus  Car Allowance  Market Leading Pension Scheme  Excellent Holiday Entitlement Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C s, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk" "['internal', 'audit', 'associate', 'director', 'london', 'upto', 'benefits', 'exciting', 'arisen', 'associate', 'director', 'audit', 'function', 'global', 'bank', 'city', 'investment', 'banking', 'arm', 'bank', 'extensive', 'internal', 'audit', 'department', 'renowned', 'fantastic', 'career', 'personal', 'growth', 'associate', 'director', 'responsible', 'executing', 'audit', 'assignments', 'accordance', 'audit', 'plan', 'relevant', 'policies', 'quality', 'standards', 'closely', 'key', 'stakeholders', 'assessing', 'risks', 'effectiveness', 'control', 'mechanisms', 'internal', 'auditor', 'hold', 'relevant', 'qualification', 'aca', 'acca', 'industry', 'specifically', 'investment', 'bank', 'expert', 'areas', 'wholesale', 'financing', 'products', 'primary', 'secondary', 'debt', 'capital', 'markets', 'structured', 'finance', 'credit', 'market', 'liquidity', 'risk', 'interest', 'rate', 'equity', 'fx', 'commodity', 'products', 'derivatives', 'communication', 'written', 'verbal', 'individually', 'benefits', 'include', 'bonus', 'car', 'allowance', 'market', 'pension', 'scheme', 'holiday', 'entitlement', 'hays', 'specialist', 'limited', 'acts', 'employment', 'agency', 'permanent', 'employment', 'supply', 'temporary', 'workers', 'applying', 'accept', 'privacy', 'policy', 'disclaimers', 'found', 'hays']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Deputy Practice Manager / Medical Receptionist
Webindex: 69688172
Company: Werrington Village Surgery
Description: Werrington Village Surgery has vacancies for: Deputy Practice Manager c32hrs per week salary **** per annum. Previous experience in payroll, rotas, pension and IT is essential and previous experience in a GP surgery would be an advantage. Closing date:****/2/****13 Interview: ****/2/2****13 Medical Receptionist c****hrs, but can be up to full time to cover for sickness and holiday, so you must be very flexible; Previous experience in a GP surgery and knowledge of EMIS preferred, but full training can be given. Closing date:13/2/2013; Interview: 20/2/2013 For both roles you must be motivated, enthusiastic and a team player, with excellent communication skills. An information pack will be available on the Werrington Village Surgery Website notice board from the 1st February 2013 CV and covering letter to Peter Bailey, Werrington Village Surgery, Ash Bank Road, Werrington, ST**** 0JS, peter.baileynorthstaffs.nhs.uk If we have not contacted you within 1 week of the closing date you should assume your application was unsuccessful." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00530.txt " Deputy Practice Manager / Medical Receptionist" " 69688172" " Werrington Village Surgery" " Werrington Village Surgery has vacancies for: Deputy Practice Manager c32hrs per week salary **** per annum. Previous experience in payroll, rotas, pension and IT is essential and previous experience in a GP surgery would be an advantage. Closing date:****/2/****13 Interview: ****/2/2****13 Medical Receptionist c****hrs, but can be up to full time to cover for sickness and holiday, so you must be very flexible; Previous experience in a GP surgery and knowledge of EMIS preferred, but full training can be given. Closing date:13/2/2013; Interview: 20/2/2013 For both roles you must be motivated, enthusiastic and a team player, with excellent communication skills. An information pack will be available on the Werrington Village Surgery Website notice board from the 1st February 2013 CV and covering letter to Peter Bailey, Werrington Village Surgery, Ash Bank Road, Werrington, ST**** 0JS, peter.baileynorthstaffs.nhs.uk If we have not contacted you within 1 week of the closing date you should assume your application was unsuccessful." "['werrington', 'village', 'surgery', 'vacancies', 'deputy', 'practice', 'hrs', 'week', 'annum', 'previous', 'payroll', 'rotas', 'pension', 'essential', 'previous', 'gp', 'surgery', 'advantage', 'closing', 'date', 'interview', 'medical', 'hrs', 'time', 'cover', 'sickness', 'holiday', 'flexible', 'previous', 'gp', 'surgery', 'preferred', 'closing', 'date', 'interview', 'roles', 'motivated', 'enthusiastic', 'player', 'communication', 'information', 'pack', 'werrington', 'village', 'surgery', 'website', 'notice', 'board', 'st', 'february', 'cv', 'covering', 'letter', 'peter', 'bailey', 'werrington', 'village', 'surgery', 'bank', 'road', 'werrington', 'st', 'js', 'peter', 'nhs', 'contacted', 'week', 'closing', 'date', 'assume', 'application', 'unsuccessful']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Forklift Engineer  Somerset
Webindex: 71816988
Company: The Hammond Recruitment Group
Description: My client are a specialist manufacturer within the Materials Handling Forklift Truck Industry. An excellent opportunity has arisen within the somerset area for an **** experienced Fork Lift Service Engineers Key Responsibilities:  Service, Maintenance  Breakdowns, Repairs and Fault finding.  Working on: Gas, Diesel, Electric and LPG FLT s  Electrical/Mechanical Fault finding Qualifications/ Experience: Ideally you would have Electrical/Mechanical qualifications and experience working on Forklift Trucks Package My client are paying an excellent salary and package, and an excellent opportunity to work for a market leader in the industry. For further vacancies please visit our website. (url removed) If you believe you have the right experience and qualifications please forward your CV If this position is NOT right for you, still forward you re CV. We specialise in many industries and have a number of other positions that maybe more suitable for your background. All communication will be treated confidentiality Hammond Recruitment Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00163.txt " Forklift Engineer  Somerset" " 71816988" " The Hammond Recruitment Group" " My client are a specialist manufacturer within the Materials Handling Forklift Truck Industry. An excellent opportunity has arisen within the somerset area for an **** experienced Fork Lift Service Engineers Key Responsibilities:  Service, Maintenance  Breakdowns, Repairs and Fault finding.  Working on: Gas, Diesel, Electric and LPG FLT s  Electrical/Mechanical Fault finding Qualifications/ Experience: Ideally you would have Electrical/Mechanical qualifications and experience working on Forklift Trucks Package My client are paying an excellent salary and package, and an excellent opportunity to work for a market leader in the industry. For further vacancies please visit our website. (url removed) If you believe you have the right experience and qualifications please forward your CV If this position is NOT right for you, still forward you re CV. We specialise in many industries and have a number of other positions that maybe more suitable for your background. All communication will be treated confidentiality Hammond Recruitment Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy" "['specialist', 'manufacturer', 'materials', 'handling', 'forklift', 'truck', 'industry', 'arisen', 'somerset', 'area', 'experienced', 'lift', 'engineers', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'maintenance', 'breakdowns', 'repairs', 'fault', 'finding', 'gas', 'diesel', 'electrical', 'mechanical', 'fault', 'finding', 'qualifications', 'ideally', 'electrical', 'mechanical', 'qualifications', 'forklift', 'package', 'paying', 'package', 'market', 'leader', 'industry', 'vacancies', 'visit', 'website', 'url', 'removed', 'qualifications', 'forward', 'cv', 'forward', 'cv', 'specialise', 'industries', 'number', 'positions', 'suitable', 'background', 'communication', 'treated', 'confidentiality', 'hammond', 'group', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'vacancy']" Engineering
"Title: UK Global Securities Lending Manager
Webindex: 72227008
Company: Wedbush Europe Ltd
Description: Job title: UK Global Securities Lending Manager Salary: **** to **** commensurate with experience Location: Central London Job term: Permanent Job hours: Full time Closing Date for Applications: March **** 2013 An excellent opportunity for a highlyskilled individual with significant experience in the field of securities lending and finance to work as a Securities Lending Manager at a UK financial institution. The team in which the postholder will work is principally engaged in all aspects of securities lending and finance. THE ROLE: The postholder will be expected to handle a varied workload and to be comfortable with working both individually and in a team environment. The postholder will be required to manage firm borrows loans and establish conduit securities lending books in the US, the UK and other global markets. Extensive interaction with Securities Lending borrowers and lenders at banks and broker dealers will be required. The role will also require the postholder to work extensively in the area of Securities Lending as it pertains to US as well as global securities. Business development sales included in role. THE COMPANY: Wedbush Europe Ltd is located in London, UK while its parent, WEDBUSH Inc. is headquartered in Los Angeles, California, US. Wedbush Securities is the largest holding of parent company WEDBUSH, Inc. The combined strength and resources of WEDBUSH, Inc.'s subsidiaries provides a full line of banking and investment services for any individual, institution or issuing client. With over 90 offices and more than **** correspondent offices, Wedbush Securities is one of the largest securities firms and investment banks in the United States. Wedbush provides innovative financial solutions through its Private Client Services, Capital Markets, and Clearing Execution divisions. THE CANDIDATE: The successful candidate must be able to demonstrate first rate technical skills and have exhibited the ability to take and pass required exchange tests and to acquire relevant securities industry licensing. BA degree in economics or finance required. Minimum 5**** years of significant experience in the area of Securities Lending is essential, in particular in relation to the US market. Experience in agency lending, locating and sourcing securities, and establishing rates borrow fees is also required. Additionally, the successful candidate will be Series 7 **** Certified, as significant attention and responsibilities will include US business activities, including but not limited to providing US market coverage during UK hours. The ideal candidate will be resultsdriven, dedicated and exceptionally analytical with superior communication skills. Candidates should also exhibit strong organizational skills and a robust work ethic. Candidates must be willing to travel internationally and to relocate, if required. CONTACT DETAILS: If you would like further information or would be interested to apply for this vacancy, please contact Wedbush Securities at careerswedbush.com" 3 data/Sales\Job_00631.txt " UK Global Securities Lending Manager" " 72227008" " Wedbush Europe Ltd" " Job title: UK Global Securities Lending Manager Salary: **** to **** commensurate with experience Location: Central London Job term: Permanent Job hours: Full time Closing Date for Applications: March **** 2013 An excellent opportunity for a highlyskilled individual with significant experience in the field of securities lending and finance to work as a Securities Lending Manager at a UK financial institution. The team in which the postholder will work is principally engaged in all aspects of securities lending and finance. THE ROLE: The postholder will be expected to handle a varied workload and to be comfortable with working both individually and in a team environment. The postholder will be required to manage firm borrows loans and establish conduit securities lending books in the US, the UK and other global markets. Extensive interaction with Securities Lending borrowers and lenders at banks and broker dealers will be required. The role will also require the postholder to work extensively in the area of Securities Lending as it pertains to US as well as global securities. Business development sales included in role. THE COMPANY: Wedbush Europe Ltd is located in London, UK while its parent, WEDBUSH Inc. is headquartered in Los Angeles, California, US. Wedbush Securities is the largest holding of parent company WEDBUSH, Inc. The combined strength and resources of WEDBUSH, Inc.'s subsidiaries provides a full line of banking and investment services for any individual, institution or issuing client. With over 90 offices and more than **** correspondent offices, Wedbush Securities is one of the largest securities firms and investment banks in the United States. Wedbush provides innovative financial solutions through its Private Client Services, Capital Markets, and Clearing Execution divisions. THE CANDIDATE: The successful candidate must be able to demonstrate first rate technical skills and have exhibited the ability to take and pass required exchange tests and to acquire relevant securities industry licensing. BA degree in economics or finance required. Minimum 5**** years of significant experience in the area of Securities Lending is essential, in particular in relation to the US market. Experience in agency lending, locating and sourcing securities, and establishing rates borrow fees is also required. Additionally, the successful candidate will be Series 7 **** Certified, as significant attention and responsibilities will include US business activities, including but not limited to providing US market coverage during UK hours. The ideal candidate will be resultsdriven, dedicated and exceptionally analytical with superior communication skills. Candidates should also exhibit strong organizational skills and a robust work ethic. Candidates must be willing to travel internationally and to relocate, if required. CONTACT DETAILS: If you would like further information or would be interested to apply for this vacancy, please contact Wedbush Securities at careerswedbush.com" "['title', 'global', 'securities', 'lending', 'commensurate', 'location', 'central', 'london', 'term', 'permanent', 'hours', 'time', 'closing', 'date', 'applications', 'march', 'individual', 'significant', 'field', 'securities', 'lending', 'finance', 'securities', 'lending', 'institution', 'postholder', 'engaged', 'aspects', 'securities', 'lending', 'finance', 'postholder', 'expected', 'handle', 'varied', 'workload', 'comfortable', 'individually', 'environment', 'postholder', 'manage', 'firm', 'loans', 'establish', 'conduit', 'securities', 'lending', 'books', 'global', 'markets', 'extensive', 'interaction', 'securities', 'lending', 'lenders', 'banks', 'broker', 'dealers', 'require', 'postholder', 'extensively', 'area', 'securities', 'lending', 'global', 'securities', 'included', 'wedbush', 'europe', 'located', 'london', 'parent', 'wedbush', 'headquartered', 'california', 'wedbush', 'securities', 'largest', 'holding', 'parent', 'wedbush', 'combined', 'strength', 'resources', 'wedbush', 'subsidiaries', 'line', 'banking', 'investment', 'individual', 'institution', 'issuing', 'offices', 'offices', 'wedbush', 'securities', 'largest', 'securities', 'firms', 'investment', 'banks', 'united', 'states', 'wedbush', 'innovative', 'solutions', 'private', 'capital', 'markets', 'execution', 'divisions', 'demonstrate', 'rate', 'technical', 'pass', 'exchange', 'tests', 'relevant', 'securities', 'industry', 'licensing', 'ba', 'degree', 'economics', 'finance', 'minimum', 'years', 'significant', 'area', 'securities', 'lending', 'essential', 'relation', 'market', 'agency', 'lending', 'sourcing', 'securities', 'establishing', 'rates', 'fees', 'additionally', 'series', 'certified', 'significant', 'attention', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'activities', 'limited', 'providing', 'market', 'coverage', 'hours', 'ideal', 'resultsdriven', 'dedicated', 'exceptionally', 'analytical', 'superior', 'communication', 'candidates', 'exhibit', 'organizational', 'robust', 'ethic', 'candidates', 'travel', 'internationally', 'relocate', 'contact', 'details', 'information', 'interested', 'vacancy', 'contact', 'wedbush', 'securities']" Sales
"Title: Junior Audit Manager
Webindex: 68995641
Company: Holden Jones Ltd
Description: Would you like to join a leading **** partner firm in Sutton, Surrey? Due to potential partner retirement in April 2015, this firm is succession planning for partnership potential As an Junior Audit Manager, you will be responsible for a portfolio of clients that largely consist of OMB s with a turnover up to ****m. In addition to this role, you will have a working knowledge of UK GAAP along with being ambitious and keen to progress you career to the next stage with promotion expected within the first 12 months. The office contains extremely capable and talented individuals largely from a Top 50 background who have experience of working in a paperless office and who have a strong audit background (not balance sheet audits) with a proven track record. You are ACA/ACCA qualified, with at least 40% audit background, you will need to have run audits from planning through to completion. Benefits include a competitive salary, bonus and progression" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00385.txt " Junior Audit Manager" " 68995641" " Holden Jones Ltd" " Would you like to join a leading **** partner firm in Sutton, Surrey? Due to potential partner retirement in April 2015, this firm is succession planning for partnership potential As an Junior Audit Manager, you will be responsible for a portfolio of clients that largely consist of OMB s with a turnover up to ****m. In addition to this role, you will have a working knowledge of UK GAAP along with being ambitious and keen to progress you career to the next stage with promotion expected within the first 12 months. The office contains extremely capable and talented individuals largely from a Top 50 background who have experience of working in a paperless office and who have a strong audit background (not balance sheet audits) with a proven track record. You are ACA/ACCA qualified, with at least 40% audit background, you will need to have run audits from planning through to completion. Benefits include a competitive salary, bonus and progression" "['partner', 'firm', 'sutton', 'surrey', 'due', 'potential', 'partner', 'retirement', 'firm', 'succession', 'planning', 'partnership', 'potential', 'junior', 'audit', 'responsible', 'portfolio', 'largely', 'consist', 'turnover', 'addition', 'gaap', 'ambitious', 'keen', 'progress', 'career', 'stage', 'promotion', 'expected', 'months', 'office', 'extremely', 'capable', 'talented', 'individuals', 'largely', 'top', 'background', 'office', 'audit', 'background', 'balance', 'sheet', 'audits', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'aca', 'acca', 'qualified', 'audit', 'background', 'run', 'audits', 'planning', 'completion', 'benefits', 'include', 'competitive', 'bonus', 'progression']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Financial Controller
Webindex: 66643191
Company: SF Group
Description: SF Group are handling an exciting opportunity for an ambitious Financial Controller to join an acquisitive retail business. You will be responsible for the production of monthly management accounts, the weekly forecasting, KPI reporting on weekly basis, reconciliation of sales income and expenditure control, stock management and the implementation of systems processes/controls. Current or previous dealership experience is essential. You will ideally be a qualified accountant with experience of managing a busy single site with capacity to take on more responsibility. Strong people management skills, and working knowledge of Kerridge would be a strong advantage. This is an exciting time to join our client, an expanding niche retailer, with locations across the UK. As part of the senior management team, you will have full financial control of the site and play a pivotal role in driving business performance and profitability.Only applicants with a suitable amount of UK based experience and who have a legal right to work within the UK will be considered." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00286.txt " Financial Controller" " 66643191" " SF Group" " SF Group are handling an exciting opportunity for an ambitious Financial Controller to join an acquisitive retail business. You will be responsible for the production of monthly management accounts, the weekly forecasting, KPI reporting on weekly basis, reconciliation of sales income and expenditure control, stock management and the implementation of systems processes/controls. Current or previous dealership experience is essential. You will ideally be a qualified accountant with experience of managing a busy single site with capacity to take on more responsibility. Strong people management skills, and working knowledge of Kerridge would be a strong advantage. This is an exciting time to join our client, an expanding niche retailer, with locations across the UK. As part of the senior management team, you will have full financial control of the site and play a pivotal role in driving business performance and profitability.Only applicants with a suitable amount of UK based experience and who have a legal right to work within the UK will be considered." "['group', 'handling', 'exciting', 'ambitious', 'controller', 'retail', 'responsible', 'production', 'monthly', 'accounts', 'weekly', 'forecasting', 'kpi', 'reporting', 'weekly', 'basis', 'reconciliation', 'income', 'expenditure', 'control', 'stock', 'implementation', 'processes', 'controls', 'current', 'previous', 'dealership', 'essential', 'ideally', 'qualified', 'accountant', 'managing', 'busy', 'single', 'site', 'capacity', 'responsibility', 'people', 'kerridge', 'advantage', 'exciting', 'time', 'expanding', 'niche', 'retailer', 'locations', 'part', 'senior', 'control', 'site', 'play', 'pivotal', 'driving', 'performance', 'profitability', 'applicants', 'suitable', 'amount', 'legal', 'considered']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Internal Audit Manager
Webindex: 71189966
Company: Michael Page Finance
Description: Working as part of a divisional team of five nationally, this represents a fantastic opportunity to join a listed plc in a very operationallyfocused audit role. The key aspect of the role will be to provide assurance to senior management that controls and procedures exist and are operating effectively. You will undertake a range of contract and business process reviews, involving assessing key risks and identifying and reviewing the effectiveness of existing controls. You will also help develop audit plans for ten operating companies. Additionally, you will have the opportunity to get involved in project work on behalf of the divisional FD. Longerterm, this role will likely progress to an operational finance role within one of the division`s operating companies in the North. The successful candidate will have considerable internal audit experience; excellent interpersonal and influencing skills; an ability to be proactive; and an ability to travel up to 50% of the time. Our client is a listed plc who recently boasted impressive yearonyear growth figures. A basic package to **** plus car allowance, private medical insurance and a generous pension contribution. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InternalAuditManager_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00262.txt " Internal Audit Manager" " 71189966" " Michael Page Finance" " Working as part of a divisional team of five nationally, this represents a fantastic opportunity to join a listed plc in a very operationallyfocused audit role. The key aspect of the role will be to provide assurance to senior management that controls and procedures exist and are operating effectively. You will undertake a range of contract and business process reviews, involving assessing key risks and identifying and reviewing the effectiveness of existing controls. You will also help develop audit plans for ten operating companies. Additionally, you will have the opportunity to get involved in project work on behalf of the divisional FD. Longerterm, this role will likely progress to an operational finance role within one of the division`s operating companies in the North. The successful candidate will have considerable internal audit experience; excellent interpersonal and influencing skills; an ability to be proactive; and an ability to travel up to 50% of the time. Our client is a listed plc who recently boasted impressive yearonyear growth figures. A basic package to **** plus car allowance, private medical insurance and a generous pension contribution. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InternalAuditManager_job****" "['part', 'divisional', 'nationally', 'represents', 'fantastic', 'listed', 'plc', 'audit', 'key', 'aspect', 'assurance', 'senior', 'controls', 'procedures', 'exist', 'operating', 'effectively', 'undertake', 'range', 'contract', 'process', 'reviews', 'involving', 'assessing', 'key', 'risks', 'identifying', 'reviewing', 'effectiveness', 'existing', 'controls', 'develop', 'audit', 'plans', 'ten', 'operating', 'companies', 'additionally', 'involved', 'project', 'behalf', 'divisional', 'longerterm', 'progress', 'operational', 'finance', 'division', 'operating', 'companies', 'north', 'considerable', 'internal', 'audit', 'interpersonal', 'influencing', 'proactive', 'travel', 'time', 'listed', 'plc', 'recently', 'impressive', 'yearonyear', 'growth', 'figures', 'basic', 'package', 'car', 'allowance', 'private', 'medical', 'insurance', 'generous', 'pension', 'contribution', 'application', 'reviewed', 'michael', 'page', 'aware', 'receive', 'volume', 'applications', 'advertised', 'regularly', 'receive', 'applications', 'candidates', 'exceed', 'credentials', 'contact', 'days', 'selected', 'interview', 'specific', 'qualifications', 'account', 'overseas', 'equivalents', 'michael', 'page', 'world', 'consultancy', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Sales Representative / Lead Generator
Webindex: 71168766
Company: BlueTown Online
Description: Job Title: Sales Representative / Lead Generator Location: Farringdon, London Salary: STARTING AT **** BASIC (OTE ****K PA, uncapped)  BENEFITS Starting date: ASAP Our client are a fast growing software and telecommunications provider with offices in London, Sydney, Melbourne, Auckland and New York Your job will be to help bring in the business, by arranging for new potential partner appointments, selling into existing customer bases for our partners. Our client's businesses are leading the field and have a reputation for challenging the norm. Full training will be given, so our client is looking for candidates with the right attitude and preferably with a minimum of one year sales experience. You could be from a door to door background or a call centre telesales environment, what matters to our client is enthusiasm and a bit of charm, and a want to have a long term career in sales. Here's the type of person they're after:  **** year of Sales experience minimum  Strong verbal skills  Enthusiastic and passionate  Good written ability  Likes IT or the latest technology and can get to grips with it quickly Here's what is offered:  Business to business sales training, being directly coached by experienced and professional sales management  Starting at **** BASIC moving to **** (should be in first year of employment) after specific targets have been hit with 25K OTE which can also be exceeded should you exceed in sales.  Potential travel loan  25 days annual leave  Experience in the IT T arena with a difference  The best help and support with almost all leads supplied  you are welcome to find more  Staff nights out  Beers / wine on most Friday's  Promotion opportunities  our client aims to give their staff the top jobs  A strong, stable business Please click the APPLY button to send your CV for this role. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SalesRepresentativeLeadGenerator_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00749.txt " Sales Representative / Lead Generator" " 71168766" " BlueTown Online" " Job Title: Sales Representative / Lead Generator Location: Farringdon, London Salary: STARTING AT **** BASIC (OTE ****K PA, uncapped)  BENEFITS Starting date: ASAP Our client are a fast growing software and telecommunications provider with offices in London, Sydney, Melbourne, Auckland and New York Your job will be to help bring in the business, by arranging for new potential partner appointments, selling into existing customer bases for our partners. Our client's businesses are leading the field and have a reputation for challenging the norm. Full training will be given, so our client is looking for candidates with the right attitude and preferably with a minimum of one year sales experience. You could be from a door to door background or a call centre telesales environment, what matters to our client is enthusiasm and a bit of charm, and a want to have a long term career in sales. Here's the type of person they're after:  **** year of Sales experience minimum  Strong verbal skills  Enthusiastic and passionate  Good written ability  Likes IT or the latest technology and can get to grips with it quickly Here's what is offered:  Business to business sales training, being directly coached by experienced and professional sales management  Starting at **** BASIC moving to **** (should be in first year of employment) after specific targets have been hit with 25K OTE which can also be exceeded should you exceed in sales.  Potential travel loan  25 days annual leave  Experience in the IT T arena with a difference  The best help and support with almost all leads supplied  you are welcome to find more  Staff nights out  Beers / wine on most Friday's  Promotion opportunities  our client aims to give their staff the top jobs  A strong, stable business Please click the APPLY button to send your CV for this role. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SalesRepresentativeLeadGenerator_job****" "['title', 'representative', 'lead', 'generator', 'location', 'london', 'starting', 'basic', 'ote', 'pa', 'uncapped', 'benefits', 'starting', 'date', 'asap', 'fast', 'growing', 'software', 'telecommunications', 'provider', 'offices', 'london', 'sydney', 'york', 'bring', 'arranging', 'potential', 'partner', 'appointments', 'selling', 'existing', 'bases', 'partners', ""client's"", 'businesses', 'field', 'reputation', 'challenging', 'norm', 'candidates', 'attitude', 'preferably', 'minimum', 'year', 'door', 'door', 'background', 'call', 'centre', 'telesales', 'environment', 'matters', 'enthusiasm', 'bit', 'long', 'term', 'career', 'type', 'person', 'year', 'minimum', 'verbal', 'enthusiastic', 'passionate', 'written', 'latest', 'technology', 'quickly', 'offered', 'directly', 'experienced', 'professional', 'starting', 'basic', 'moving', 'year', 'employment', 'specific', 'targets', 'hit', 'ote', 'exceeded', 'exceed', 'potential', 'travel', 'loan', 'days', 'annual', 'leave', 'arena', 'difference', 'leads', 'supplied', 'find', 'nights', 'wine', 'promotion', 'opportunities', 'aims', 'give', 'top', 'jobs', 'stable', 'click', 'button', 'send', 'cv', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'salestarget', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Sales Representative (construction trainee or experienced considered)
Webindex: 72241506
Company: Robson James Recruitment
Description: The Company My client is a leading manufacture/installer with in the internal building product sector. The company has grown in size and reputation since its inception, but whilst the technology has changed beyond recognition, the Company’s ethos has remained the same. Quality of workmanship and quality of service have always been and remains the mainstay of the Company. The Role To sell the company's product range to end clients, contractors, specifiers and architects. Working very closely with project managers, installers. Your role will to develop new business while carefully managed and ensuring the existing accounts are developed to their full potential. The Person If you are a successful estimator or internal sales person, looking to move in to external sales then this is your opportunity You will be given full training on products, the market and Professional selling skills. However my client will consider an experienced sales professional that has a proven track record dealing with the above mix of customers. If you enjoy working closely with your colleagues and not just a number Then this is the role for you. Your qualities • ability to develop genuine business relationships • drive, enthusiasm, honesty, and perseverance • attention to detail • good listener • ability to work as a team Excellent package available, interested? please click the apply button below This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesRepresentativeconstructiontraineeorexperiencedconsidered_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00691.txt " Sales Representative (construction trainee or experienced considered)" " 72241506" " Robson James Recruitment" " The Company My client is a leading manufacture/installer with in the internal building product sector. The company has grown in size and reputation since its inception, but whilst the technology has changed beyond recognition, the Company’s ethos has remained the same. Quality of workmanship and quality of service have always been and remains the mainstay of the Company. The Role To sell the company's product range to end clients, contractors, specifiers and architects. Working very closely with project managers, installers. Your role will to develop new business while carefully managed and ensuring the existing accounts are developed to their full potential. The Person If you are a successful estimator or internal sales person, looking to move in to external sales then this is your opportunity You will be given full training on products, the market and Professional selling skills. However my client will consider an experienced sales professional that has a proven track record dealing with the above mix of customers. If you enjoy working closely with your colleagues and not just a number Then this is the role for you. Your qualities • ability to develop genuine business relationships • drive, enthusiasm, honesty, and perseverance • attention to detail • good listener • ability to work as a team Excellent package available, interested? please click the apply button below This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesRepresentativeconstructiontraineeorexperiencedconsidered_job****" "['manufacture', 'installer', 'internal', 'building', 'product', 'sector', 'grown', 'size', 'reputation', 'inception', 'whilst', 'technology', 'changed', 'recognition', 'ethos', 'quality', 'workmanship', 'quality', 'remains', 'sell', ""company's"", 'product', 'range', 'end', 'contractors', 'specifiers', 'architects', 'closely', 'project', 'managers', 'develop', 'carefully', 'managed', 'ensuring', 'existing', 'accounts', 'developed', 'potential', 'person', 'internal', 'person', 'move', 'external', 'products', 'market', 'professional', 'selling', 'experienced', 'professional', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'dealing', 'mix', 'customers', 'enjoy', 'closely', 'colleagues', 'number', 'qualities', 'develop', 'genuine', 'relationships', 'drive', 'enthusiasm', 'honesty', 'attention', 'detail', 'listener', 'package', 'interested', 'click', 'button', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Finance Business Partner
Webindex: 69801399
Company: Four Financial Recruitment Ltd
Description: A national management and supply company based in South Manchester who have recently received considerable investment are currently looking to enhance their finance department. As a result they are looking for a Management Accountant with a strong commercial slant. The key function of the role is to provide analytical support to management focusing on actual performance against targets and profitability. Key duties include:  Provide KPI's and productivity analysis allowing profitability to be improved  Review of results and identification of corrective action  Monitoring profitability of key contracts  Creation of weekly Management Information reports  Working closely with budget holders to get their involvement in the setting of budgets  Drive continuous improvements in the finance function Suitable applicants must be a qualified accountant and must be a driven and dynamic individual. Excellent communication skills are essential to allow you to liaise with senior management and influence decisions where necessary. This is an excellent opportunity to join a growing business who will support your career development. Please apply now for immediate consideration. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinanceBusinessPartner_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00332.txt " Finance Business Partner" " 69801399" " Four Financial Recruitment Ltd" " A national management and supply company based in South Manchester who have recently received considerable investment are currently looking to enhance their finance department. As a result they are looking for a Management Accountant with a strong commercial slant. The key function of the role is to provide analytical support to management focusing on actual performance against targets and profitability. Key duties include:  Provide KPI's and productivity analysis allowing profitability to be improved  Review of results and identification of corrective action  Monitoring profitability of key contracts  Creation of weekly Management Information reports  Working closely with budget holders to get their involvement in the setting of budgets  Drive continuous improvements in the finance function Suitable applicants must be a qualified accountant and must be a driven and dynamic individual. Excellent communication skills are essential to allow you to liaise with senior management and influence decisions where necessary. This is an excellent opportunity to join a growing business who will support your career development. Please apply now for immediate consideration. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinanceBusinessPartner_job****" "['national', 'supply', 'south', 'manchester', 'recently', 'received', 'considerable', 'investment', 'enhance', 'finance', 'department', 'result', 'accountant', 'commercial', 'key', 'function', 'analytical', 'focusing', 'actual', 'performance', 'targets', 'profitability', 'key', 'duties', 'include', ""kpi's"", 'productivity', 'analysis', 'allowing', 'profitability', 'improved', 'review', 'results', 'identification', 'corrective', 'action', 'monitoring', 'profitability', 'key', 'contracts', 'creation', 'weekly', 'information', 'reports', 'closely', 'budget', 'holders', 'involvement', 'setting', 'budgets', 'drive', 'continuous', 'improvements', 'finance', 'function', 'suitable', 'applicants', 'qualified', 'accountant', 'driven', 'dynamic', 'individual', 'communication', 'essential', 'liaise', 'senior', 'influence', 'decisions', 'growing', 'career', 'consideration', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Occupational Health Physiotherapist  ECHP/DB/****/R****/SHOW/SHOW
Webindex: 71335886
Company: NHS Lothian
Description: Provide direct clinical care which encompasses specialist Occupational Health physiotherapy assessment treatment and management of members of staff within NHS Lothian with Musculoskeletal disorders. To provide expert advice and work closely with GPs Occupational Health Physicians and NHS Lothian Managers regarding an individuals fitness to work / return to work and workplace assessment to prevent/ reduce the risk of musculoskeletal injury to staff and patients. Provide ergonomic workplace assessments and provide NHS Lothian managers with recommendations of possible solutions to workplace ergonomic problems in order to reduce the risk of injury to staff and patients. To coordinate provide and assist in evaluating the staff physiotherapy service for the staff of NHS Lothian in order to meet the objectives of the Occupational Health and Safety Services of NHS Lothian. If online application facility is not available download an application pack complete and email to us or to request a pack email your name address and job ref number. Email:recruitmentnhslothian.scot.nhs.uk or (****hrs)" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00453.txt " Occupational Health Physiotherapist  ECHP/DB/****/R****/SHOW/SHOW" " 71335886" " NHS Lothian" " Provide direct clinical care which encompasses specialist Occupational Health physiotherapy assessment treatment and management of members of staff within NHS Lothian with Musculoskeletal disorders. To provide expert advice and work closely with GPs Occupational Health Physicians and NHS Lothian Managers regarding an individuals fitness to work / return to work and workplace assessment to prevent/ reduce the risk of musculoskeletal injury to staff and patients. Provide ergonomic workplace assessments and provide NHS Lothian managers with recommendations of possible solutions to workplace ergonomic problems in order to reduce the risk of injury to staff and patients. To coordinate provide and assist in evaluating the staff physiotherapy service for the staff of NHS Lothian in order to meet the objectives of the Occupational Health and Safety Services of NHS Lothian. If online application facility is not available download an application pack complete and email to us or to request a pack email your name address and job ref number. Email:recruitmentnhslothian.scot.nhs.uk or (****hrs)" "['direct', 'clinical', 'encompasses', 'specialist', 'occupational', 'health', 'physiotherapy', 'assessment', 'treatment', 'members', 'nhs', 'lothian', 'musculoskeletal', 'disorders', 'expert', 'advice', 'closely', 'gps', 'occupational', 'health', 'physicians', 'nhs', 'lothian', 'managers', 'individuals', 'fitness', 'return', 'workplace', 'assessment', 'prevent', 'reduce', 'risk', 'musculoskeletal', 'injury', 'patients', 'ergonomic', 'workplace', 'assessments', 'nhs', 'lothian', 'managers', 'recommendations', 'solutions', 'workplace', 'ergonomic', 'problems', 'order', 'reduce', 'risk', 'injury', 'patients', 'coordinate', 'assist', 'evaluating', 'physiotherapy', 'nhs', 'lothian', 'order', 'meet', 'objectives', 'occupational', 'health', 'safety', 'nhs', 'lothian', 'online', 'application', 'facility', 'download', 'application', 'pack', 'complete', 'email', 'request', 'pack', 'email', 'address', 'ref', 'number', 'email', 'scot', 'nhs', 'hrs']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Internal Sales Executive / Sales Support  Telecare Equipment
Webindex: 71677311
Company: Wallace Hind Selection
Description: A wellestablished market leading company. This brand new role will support business development in a sector that is growing fast and widely regarded as the future. You will provide all the internal sales support in this division with a chance to build a team over time. BASIC: ****  **** ADDITIONAL BENEFITS: Healthcare scheme  Pension scheme. LOCATION: Aylesbury COMMUTABLE LOCATIONS: Thame, Bicester, Leighton Buzzard, Berkhamsted POSTCODE: HP**** ****QP COMPANY PROFILE: Our client has been a market leading UK manufacturer and distributor for over ****0 years. They have developed a strong market share in the assistive technology sector, supplying a range of award winning products and systems designed to give independence, care and security to people in their own homes and residential settings with the touch of a button. This sector is growing and widely seen as the future of social care. In particular the `telecare` segment of this market is expanding fast and our client has made impressive strides over the last two years as the sole partner in the UK for one of Europe`s leading telecare manufacturers and service providers. They are now ready to escalate their activity in this sector which involves increasing the size of the sales team, starting with two Territory Managers covering the south of the UK plus a dedicated Internal Sales Executive. This role will take responsibility for providing internal sales support for the National Sales Manager and the two new Field sales people in the Telecare team. Building on the existing business and helping to develop relationships with new customers throughout the UK, you will provide a focal point for incoming enquiries and you will work very closely with the sales team in a coordinated new business drive. Using the database you will help to organise and coordinate business development activities; this will involve verbal contact, information gathering, literature and newsletter contact and some exhibition work. The budget for this equipment is held in the local authorities so this your target market, you will develop relationships with decision makers in the relevant departments. WHY THIS ROLE? Internal sales executive / Sales support  Telecare equipment  Market leading company.  Unique products with excellent after sales and customer service.  A chance to make a name for yourself in a brand new role in a growing division.  As the division grows there is the potential for building a team.  A market sector that has wide spread support and is set for further growth. REQUIREMENTS: Internal sales executive / Sales support  Telecare equipment  You will have some experience of customer focussed activity.  The personal attributes of commitment, work rate and attitude are the most important things to this client.  The ability to organise and coordinate along with a desire to proactively develop business.  A natural communicator. It is important you are able to make yourself an indispensable resource for the sales team as well as gain trust from the customers.  A background in the product is not important, the desire to succeed however is crucial. For more vacancies please follow us on Facebook, Twitter, visit www.wallacehind.com or find the consultant below on LinkedIn. INTERESTED? Please contact our retained consultant Gerry Bell quoting Internal sales executive / Sales support  Telecare equipment and reference GB**** to DDI: **** **** Wallace Hind Selection, The Old Vicarage, Duston, Northants, NN5 ****JB. www.wallacehind.com  This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InternalSalesExecutiveSalesSupportTelecareEquipment_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00699.txt " Internal Sales Executive / Sales Support  Telecare Equipment" " 71677311" " Wallace Hind Selection" " A wellestablished market leading company. This brand new role will support business development in a sector that is growing fast and widely regarded as the future. You will provide all the internal sales support in this division with a chance to build a team over time. BASIC: ****  **** ADDITIONAL BENEFITS: Healthcare scheme  Pension scheme. LOCATION: Aylesbury COMMUTABLE LOCATIONS: Thame, Bicester, Leighton Buzzard, Berkhamsted POSTCODE: HP**** ****QP COMPANY PROFILE: Our client has been a market leading UK manufacturer and distributor for over ****0 years. They have developed a strong market share in the assistive technology sector, supplying a range of award winning products and systems designed to give independence, care and security to people in their own homes and residential settings with the touch of a button. This sector is growing and widely seen as the future of social care. In particular the `telecare` segment of this market is expanding fast and our client has made impressive strides over the last two years as the sole partner in the UK for one of Europe`s leading telecare manufacturers and service providers. They are now ready to escalate their activity in this sector which involves increasing the size of the sales team, starting with two Territory Managers covering the south of the UK plus a dedicated Internal Sales Executive. This role will take responsibility for providing internal sales support for the National Sales Manager and the two new Field sales people in the Telecare team. Building on the existing business and helping to develop relationships with new customers throughout the UK, you will provide a focal point for incoming enquiries and you will work very closely with the sales team in a coordinated new business drive. Using the database you will help to organise and coordinate business development activities; this will involve verbal contact, information gathering, literature and newsletter contact and some exhibition work. The budget for this equipment is held in the local authorities so this your target market, you will develop relationships with decision makers in the relevant departments. WHY THIS ROLE? Internal sales executive / Sales support  Telecare equipment  Market leading company.  Unique products with excellent after sales and customer service.  A chance to make a name for yourself in a brand new role in a growing division.  As the division grows there is the potential for building a team.  A market sector that has wide spread support and is set for further growth. REQUIREMENTS: Internal sales executive / Sales support  Telecare equipment  You will have some experience of customer focussed activity.  The personal attributes of commitment, work rate and attitude are the most important things to this client.  The ability to organise and coordinate along with a desire to proactively develop business.  A natural communicator. It is important you are able to make yourself an indispensable resource for the sales team as well as gain trust from the customers.  A background in the product is not important, the desire to succeed however is crucial. For more vacancies please follow us on Facebook, Twitter, visit www.wallacehind.com or find the consultant below on LinkedIn. INTERESTED? Please contact our retained consultant Gerry Bell quoting Internal sales executive / Sales support  Telecare equipment and reference GB**** to DDI: **** **** Wallace Hind Selection, The Old Vicarage, Duston, Northants, NN5 ****JB. www.wallacehind.com  This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InternalSalesExecutiveSalesSupportTelecareEquipment_job****" "['wellestablished', 'market', 'brand', 'sector', 'growing', 'fast', 'widely', 'regarded', 'future', 'internal', 'division', 'chance', 'build', 'time', 'basic', 'additional', 'benefits', 'healthcare', 'scheme', 'pension', 'scheme', 'location', 'aylesbury', 'commutable', 'locations', 'postcode', 'hp', 'profile', 'market', 'manufacturer', 'distributor', 'years', 'developed', 'market', 'share', 'technology', 'sector', 'supplying', 'range', 'award', 'winning', 'products', 'designed', 'give', 'independence', 'security', 'people', 'homes', 'residential', 'settings', 'touch', 'button', 'sector', 'growing', 'widely', 'future', 'social', 'telecare', 'segment', 'market', 'expanding', 'fast', 'made', 'impressive', 'strides', 'years', 'sole', 'partner', 'europe', 'telecare', 'manufacturers', 'providers', 'ready', 'escalate', 'activity', 'sector', 'involves', 'increasing', 'size', 'starting', 'territory', 'managers', 'covering', 'south', 'dedicated', 'internal', 'executive', 'responsibility', 'providing', 'internal', 'national', 'field', 'people', 'telecare', 'building', 'existing', 'helping', 'develop', 'relationships', 'customers', 'focal', 'point', 'incoming', 'enquiries', 'closely', 'drive', 'database', 'organise', 'coordinate', 'activities', 'involve', 'verbal', 'contact', 'information', 'gathering', 'literature', 'contact', 'exhibition', 'budget', 'equipment', 'held', 'local', 'authorities', 'target', 'market', 'develop', 'relationships', 'decision', 'makers', 'relevant', 'departments', 'internal', 'executive', 'telecare', 'equipment', 'market', 'unique', 'products', 'chance', 'make', 'brand', 'growing', 'division', 'division', 'potential', 'building', 'market', 'sector', 'wide', 'spread', 'set', 'growth', 'requirements', 'internal', 'executive', 'telecare', 'equipment', 'focussed', 'activity', 'personal', 'attributes', 'commitment', 'rate', 'attitude', 'important', 'things', 'organise', 'coordinate', 'desire', 'proactively', 'develop', 'natural', 'communicator', 'important', 'make', 'resource', 'gain', 'trust', 'customers', 'background', 'product', 'important', 'desire', 'succeed', 'crucial', 'vacancies', 'follow', 'facebook', 'twitter', 'visit', 'www', 'wallacehind', 'find', 'consultant', 'linkedin', 'interested', 'contact', 'retained', 'consultant', 'bell', 'quoting', 'internal', 'executive', 'telecare', 'equipment', 'reference', 'gb', 'ddi', 'wallace', 'hind', 'selection', 'vicarage', 'duston', 'northants', 'nn', 'jb', 'www', 'wallacehind', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: German Speaking Telemarketer
Webindex: 72241841
Company: Randstad Sales
Description: NATIVE GERMAN SPEAKERS Job title: Business Development Manager/ Sales Executive/ New Business/ Telemarketing Location: Commutable from: Reading/ Thatcham/ Theale/ Wokingham/ Bracknell/ Slough/ Maidenhead/Ascot/ Windsor/ Newbury Sector: IT/ Technology Salary: 25k  ****K OTE ****k uncapped commission Our client is a specialist in business development for the enterprise technology sector. They work on behalf of business to market complex solutions and create a high quality pipeline for FTSE 100 companies. They are young, fun, vibrant and are expanding They are looking for native German speaking candidates with B2B sales experience in the technology sector. For an immediate start with a basic salary of up to ****k and excellent career progression opportunities apply today Job Responsibilities: Identifying and qualifying sales opportunities Selling to C level and creating a pipeline of opportunities Lead nurturing and chasing prospects Selling products/ solutions on behalf of clients Preferred Skills: B2B technology sales experience (telesales/ field sales/ telemarketing) Tenacious and enterprising with a drive to succeed Consultative sales approach Identify customer needs accurately and offering appropriate solutions Personal Attributes: A savvy, dynamic and intellectual individual with drive to succeed Ability to develop, foster and maintain business relationships with a wide customer base High energy and tenacious with a pragmatic outlook Associated Benefits: 25 days annual leave plus bank holidays Uncapped commission Onsite Parking This vacancy is being handled by Randstad Sales. Randstad Sales is the specialist business line for sales recruitment within Randstad, the world's second largest recruitment company. Randstad acts as an employment business and employment agency and is registered in England and Wales as Randstad Employment Bureau Ltd, registered no **** Registered office address First Floor, Randstad Court, Laporte Way, Luton, Beds, LU**** ****SB. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GermanSpeakingTelemarketer_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00733.txt " German Speaking Telemarketer" " 72241841" " Randstad Sales" " NATIVE GERMAN SPEAKERS Job title: Business Development Manager/ Sales Executive/ New Business/ Telemarketing Location: Commutable from: Reading/ Thatcham/ Theale/ Wokingham/ Bracknell/ Slough/ Maidenhead/Ascot/ Windsor/ Newbury Sector: IT/ Technology Salary: 25k  ****K OTE ****k uncapped commission Our client is a specialist in business development for the enterprise technology sector. They work on behalf of business to market complex solutions and create a high quality pipeline for FTSE 100 companies. They are young, fun, vibrant and are expanding They are looking for native German speaking candidates with B2B sales experience in the technology sector. For an immediate start with a basic salary of up to ****k and excellent career progression opportunities apply today Job Responsibilities: Identifying and qualifying sales opportunities Selling to C level and creating a pipeline of opportunities Lead nurturing and chasing prospects Selling products/ solutions on behalf of clients Preferred Skills: B2B technology sales experience (telesales/ field sales/ telemarketing) Tenacious and enterprising with a drive to succeed Consultative sales approach Identify customer needs accurately and offering appropriate solutions Personal Attributes: A savvy, dynamic and intellectual individual with drive to succeed Ability to develop, foster and maintain business relationships with a wide customer base High energy and tenacious with a pragmatic outlook Associated Benefits: 25 days annual leave plus bank holidays Uncapped commission Onsite Parking This vacancy is being handled by Randstad Sales. Randstad Sales is the specialist business line for sales recruitment within Randstad, the world's second largest recruitment company. Randstad acts as an employment business and employment agency and is registered in England and Wales as Randstad Employment Bureau Ltd, registered no **** Registered office address First Floor, Randstad Court, Laporte Way, Luton, Beds, LU**** ****SB. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GermanSpeakingTelemarketer_job****" "['native', 'german', 'title', 'executive', 'telemarketing', 'location', 'commutable', 'reading', 'theale', 'wokingham', 'bracknell', 'slough', 'maidenhead', 'ascot', 'windsor', 'newbury', 'sector', 'technology', 'ote', 'uncapped', 'commission', 'specialist', 'enterprise', 'technology', 'sector', 'behalf', 'market', 'complex', 'solutions', 'create', 'quality', 'pipeline', 'ftse', 'companies', 'young', 'fun', 'vibrant', 'expanding', 'native', 'german', 'speaking', 'candidates', 'technology', 'sector', 'start', 'basic', 'career', 'progression', 'opportunities', 'today', 'responsibilities', 'identifying', 'qualifying', 'opportunities', 'selling', 'level', 'creating', 'pipeline', 'opportunities', 'lead', 'nurturing', 'prospects', 'selling', 'products', 'solutions', 'behalf', 'preferred', 'technology', 'telesales', 'field', 'telemarketing', 'tenacious', 'drive', 'succeed', 'consultative', 'approach', 'identify', 'accurately', 'offering', 'solutions', 'personal', 'attributes', 'dynamic', 'intellectual', 'individual', 'drive', 'succeed', 'develop', 'foster', 'maintain', 'relationships', 'wide', 'base', 'energy', 'tenacious', 'outlook', 'benefits', 'days', 'annual', 'leave', 'bank', 'holidays', 'uncapped', 'commission', 'onsite', 'parking', 'vacancy', 'handled', 'randstad', 'randstad', 'specialist', 'line', 'randstad', ""world's"", 'largest', 'randstad', 'acts', 'employment', 'employment', 'agency', 'registered', 'england', 'wales', 'randstad', 'employment', 'bureau', 'registered', 'registered', 'office', 'address', 'floor', 'randstad', 'court', 'laporte', 'luton', 'beds', 'lu', 'sb', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Technical Sales Manager  Scotland located
Webindex: 72443521
Company: Prospero Recruitment
Description: A leading AV Integrator who believe in quality, reputation and above all a good service now have the immediate opening for the appointment of an experienced Technical Sales Person. Candidates must have Audio Visual experience either in a Technical capacity (Engineer) or Sales of AV, if you have both you will definitely be looked at in a favorable way. The successful candidate will work with an industry leading Sales Director to grow and expand the company’s portfolio of Service Contracts and projects. Technical systems experience should include Video Conference (Tandberg/Polycom) and Control Systems (AMX/Crestron). A solid career is on offer here as well as generous basic, commission and more This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TechnicalSalesManagerScotlandlocated_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00047.txt " Technical Sales Manager  Scotland located" " 72443521" " Prospero Recruitment" " A leading AV Integrator who believe in quality, reputation and above all a good service now have the immediate opening for the appointment of an experienced Technical Sales Person. Candidates must have Audio Visual experience either in a Technical capacity (Engineer) or Sales of AV, if you have both you will definitely be looked at in a favorable way. The successful candidate will work with an industry leading Sales Director to grow and expand the company’s portfolio of Service Contracts and projects. Technical systems experience should include Video Conference (Tandberg/Polycom) and Control Systems (AMX/Crestron). A solid career is on offer here as well as generous basic, commission and more This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TechnicalSalesManagerScotlandlocated_job****" "['av', 'integrator', 'quality', 'reputation', 'opening', 'appointment', 'experienced', 'technical', 'person', 'candidates', 'audio', 'visual', 'technical', 'capacity', 'av', 'looked', 'industry', 'director', 'grow', 'expand', 'portfolio', 'contracts', 'projects', 'technical', 'include', 'video', 'conference', 'control', 'solid', 'career', 'offer', 'generous', 'basic', 'commission', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Online Lead Generation Specialist
Webindex: 71339723
Company: CVbrowser
Description: Online Lead Generation Specialist: An enthusiastic Online Lead Generation Specialist with excellent internet research and administration skills, good attention to detail, and strong people skills, is required to join a top 50 UK construction company. Based at the headoffice in Stoke on Trent, the Online Lead Generation Specialist will research and manage the provision of qualified leads to the UK business. Full training will be provided. Responsibilities:  Scour the internet for new business tender opportunities  Work closely with all relevant stakeholders to provide leads and relevant documentation  Liaise with potential new clients to procure relevant documents to assist the team in the tender process  Input all data onto the company's CRM  Oversee all opportunities and ensure the relevant members of the organisation are proactively following these up Skills Experience:  Confident using the internet and search engines for research purposes  Strong IT skills (Word, Outlook, Excel etc.)  Excellent communication skills (both written and verbal)  Good teamworking skills  Strong work ethic with the ambition to win business and drive the company forward This is an exciting opportunity for an Online Lead Generation Specialist to join a long established company that has been awarded the Investors in Excellence standard. With an excellent base salary and generous benefits, the successful candidate can look forward to a varied and rewarding career. The company is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all areas of the community." 3 data/Sales\Job_00674.txt " Online Lead Generation Specialist" " 71339723" " CVbrowser" " Online Lead Generation Specialist: An enthusiastic Online Lead Generation Specialist with excellent internet research and administration skills, good attention to detail, and strong people skills, is required to join a top 50 UK construction company. Based at the headoffice in Stoke on Trent, the Online Lead Generation Specialist will research and manage the provision of qualified leads to the UK business. Full training will be provided. Responsibilities:  Scour the internet for new business tender opportunities  Work closely with all relevant stakeholders to provide leads and relevant documentation  Liaise with potential new clients to procure relevant documents to assist the team in the tender process  Input all data onto the company's CRM  Oversee all opportunities and ensure the relevant members of the organisation are proactively following these up Skills Experience:  Confident using the internet and search engines for research purposes  Strong IT skills (Word, Outlook, Excel etc.)  Excellent communication skills (both written and verbal)  Good teamworking skills  Strong work ethic with the ambition to win business and drive the company forward This is an exciting opportunity for an Online Lead Generation Specialist to join a long established company that has been awarded the Investors in Excellence standard. With an excellent base salary and generous benefits, the successful candidate can look forward to a varied and rewarding career. The company is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all areas of the community." "['online', 'lead', 'generation', 'specialist', 'enthusiastic', 'online', 'lead', 'generation', 'specialist', 'internet', 'research', 'administration', 'attention', 'detail', 'people', 'top', 'construction', 'headoffice', 'stoke', 'trent', 'online', 'lead', 'generation', 'specialist', 'research', 'manage', 'provision', 'qualified', 'leads', 'provided', 'responsibilities', 'internet', 'tender', 'opportunities', 'closely', 'relevant', 'stakeholders', 'leads', 'relevant', 'documentation', 'liaise', 'potential', 'procure', 'relevant', 'documents', 'assist', 'tender', 'process', 'input', 'data', ""company's"", 'crm', 'oversee', 'opportunities', 'relevant', 'members', 'organisation', 'proactively', 'confident', 'internet', 'search', 'engines', 'research', 'purposes', 'word', 'outlook', 'excel', 'communication', 'written', 'verbal', 'teamworking', 'ethic', 'ambition', 'win', 'drive', 'forward', 'exciting', 'online', 'lead', 'generation', 'specialist', 'long', 'established', 'awarded', 'investors', 'excellence', 'standard', 'base', 'generous', 'benefits', 'forward', 'varied', 'rewarding', 'career', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer', 'welcomes', 'applications', 'areas', 'community']" Sales
"Title: Part Time Payroll Clerk
Webindex: 70253925
Company: Interaction   Bradford
Description: Part Time Weekly Payroll Clerk Tuesday (all day) and Wednesday (am only) **** per hour Bradford My client based on the outskirts of Bradford are currently looking for an experienced Payroll Clerk to support their busy weekly payroll run on a Tuesday (all day) and Wednesday (morning) only. To be considered for this available opportunity it is essential that you have experience of running a weekly payroll, therefore able to work to strict deadlines that comes with this type of run. You will ideally be confident in working with expenses, calculation of SSP, SMP, Paternity Pay, P**** P**** documentations and NI Contributions. You will be able to process a weekly payroll confidently through a computerised system, any exposure to using an attendance system will be of distinct advantage. If this vacancy sounds like you and you are happy to work within a small team, send your CV today. Interaction Recruitment are advertising this permanent vacancy as an employment agency. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PartTimePayrollClerk_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00288.txt " Part Time Payroll Clerk" " 70253925" " Interaction   Bradford" " Part Time Weekly Payroll Clerk Tuesday (all day) and Wednesday (am only) **** per hour Bradford My client based on the outskirts of Bradford are currently looking for an experienced Payroll Clerk to support their busy weekly payroll run on a Tuesday (all day) and Wednesday (morning) only. To be considered for this available opportunity it is essential that you have experience of running a weekly payroll, therefore able to work to strict deadlines that comes with this type of run. You will ideally be confident in working with expenses, calculation of SSP, SMP, Paternity Pay, P**** P**** documentations and NI Contributions. You will be able to process a weekly payroll confidently through a computerised system, any exposure to using an attendance system will be of distinct advantage. If this vacancy sounds like you and you are happy to work within a small team, send your CV today. Interaction Recruitment are advertising this permanent vacancy as an employment agency. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PartTimePayrollClerk_job****" "['part', 'time', 'weekly', 'payroll', 'clerk', 'tuesday', 'day', 'wednesday', 'hour', 'bradford', 'outskirts', 'bradford', 'experienced', 'payroll', 'clerk', 'busy', 'weekly', 'payroll', 'run', 'tuesday', 'day', 'wednesday', 'morning', 'considered', 'essential', 'running', 'weekly', 'payroll', 'strict', 'deadlines', 'type', 'run', 'ideally', 'confident', 'expenses', 'calculation', 'ssp', 'paternity', 'pay', 'contributions', 'process', 'weekly', 'payroll', 'confidently', 'computerised', 'system', 'exposure', 'attendance', 'system', 'distinct', 'advantage', 'vacancy', 'sounds', 'happy', 'small', 'send', 'cv', 'today', 'interaction', 'advertising', 'permanent', 'vacancy', 'employment', 'agency', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Inspector  Sheet Metal
Webindex: 69145960
Description: Absolute Recruitment is acting as a recruitment business on behalf of their client. Our client an established contract sheet metal business in Littlehampton is looking for an expereinced Inspector with experience of the sheet metal industry. Requirements: Able to interpret and work from drawings Familiar with working with measuring instruments Previous quality or inspection expereince Some previous knowledge of sheet metal work" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00210.txt " Inspector  Sheet Metal" " 69145960"  " Absolute Recruitment is acting as a recruitment business on behalf of their client. Our client an established contract sheet metal business in Littlehampton is looking for an expereinced Inspector with experience of the sheet metal industry. Requirements: Able to interpret and work from drawings Familiar with working with measuring instruments Previous quality or inspection expereince Some previous knowledge of sheet metal work" "['absolute', 'acting', 'behalf', 'established', 'contract', 'sheet', 'metal', 'inspector', 'sheet', 'metal', 'industry', 'requirements', 'interpret', 'drawings', 'familiar', 'measuring', 'instruments', 'previous', 'quality', 'inspection', 'previous', 'sheet', 'metal']" Engineering
"Title: Assistant Accountant
Webindex: 72661545
Company: Page Personnel Finance
Description: This is a very varied role that is ideal for somebody who has had exposure to staff management/supervision in the past. Main duties include; High volume invoicing Escalation point of complex queries Assisting with completion of month end accounts Month end reconciliations Staff appraisals / staff coaching Ideally you will have had exposure to the Automotive industry, with staff management skills. You must have completed the above duties in a similar role in order to be considered. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Automotive business based in the Liverpool area, one of the leading brands in the industry and have a world wide reputation for high quality at all levels. Attractive package is on offer for this role including; 21 days holiday company discounts study support free parking optional company pension Your application will be reviewed by Page Personnel. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised & regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are se Page Personnel is a leading UK recruitment consultancy" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00292.txt " Assistant Accountant" " 72661545" " Page Personnel Finance" " This is a very varied role that is ideal for somebody who has had exposure to staff management/supervision in the past. Main duties include; High volume invoicing Escalation point of complex queries Assisting with completion of month end accounts Month end reconciliations Staff appraisals / staff coaching Ideally you will have had exposure to the Automotive industry, with staff management skills. You must have completed the above duties in a similar role in order to be considered. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Automotive business based in the Liverpool area, one of the leading brands in the industry and have a world wide reputation for high quality at all levels. Attractive package is on offer for this role including; 21 days holiday company discounts study support free parking optional company pension Your application will be reviewed by Page Personnel. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised & regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are se Page Personnel is a leading UK recruitment consultancy" "['varied', 'ideal', 'exposure', 'supervision', 'past', 'main', 'duties', 'include', 'volume', 'invoicing', 'escalation', 'point', 'complex', 'queries', 'assisting', 'completion', 'month', 'end', 'accounts', 'month', 'end', 'reconciliations', 'appraisals', 'coaching', 'ideally', 'exposure', 'automotive', 'industry', 'completed', 'duties', 'similar', 'order', 'considered', 'specific', 'qualifications', 'account', 'overseas', 'equivalents', 'automotive', 'liverpool', 'area', 'brands', 'industry', 'world', 'wide', 'reputation', 'quality', 'levels', 'attractive', 'package', 'offer', 'days', 'holiday', 'discounts', 'study', 'free', 'parking', 'optional', 'pension', 'application', 'reviewed', 'page', 'personnel', 'aware', 'receive', 'volume', 'applications', 'advertised', 'regularly', 'receive', 'applications', 'candidates', 'exceed', 'credentials', 'contact', 'days', 'se', 'page', 'personnel', 'consultancy']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Venue Fundraiser
Webindex: 66600427
Company: Axis Associate Consultants
Description: Venue Fundraiser Commission Only M25 Corridor, Essex, Kent, East Sussex. The role: We are looking for strong sales people to work on stands in store at supermarkets throughout London. The role involves having face to face contact with a receptive customer base, actively speaking with members of the public to promote charity fundraising, Once getting the customers attention the role involves getting there bank details to sign then up for a direct debit for the charity you are representing. The Direct debits can be set up for between seven and twelve pounds per month. For this role you will need to stand out from the crowd, talk without being prompted, and build instant rapport with the people you meet. If you are a self starter, have bags of enthusiasm, and have the resilience to hit sales targets then you will enjoy uncapped earning potential and great job satisfaction. The Candidate: Previous experience in Venue Sales, Street Fundraising, or door to door sales is necessary. If you have no sales experience your application will not be considered. A vehicle is needed for the role. Candidates must be able to work flexible hours, evenings and weekend work may be occasionally involved. This role brings a true sense of achievement knowing that you are making a real difference, if you think this is something that you can excel in please apply now" 3 data/Sales\Job_00675.txt " Venue Fundraiser" " 66600427" " Axis Associate Consultants" " Venue Fundraiser Commission Only M25 Corridor, Essex, Kent, East Sussex. The role: We are looking for strong sales people to work on stands in store at supermarkets throughout London. The role involves having face to face contact with a receptive customer base, actively speaking with members of the public to promote charity fundraising, Once getting the customers attention the role involves getting there bank details to sign then up for a direct debit for the charity you are representing. The Direct debits can be set up for between seven and twelve pounds per month. For this role you will need to stand out from the crowd, talk without being prompted, and build instant rapport with the people you meet. If you are a self starter, have bags of enthusiasm, and have the resilience to hit sales targets then you will enjoy uncapped earning potential and great job satisfaction. The Candidate: Previous experience in Venue Sales, Street Fundraising, or door to door sales is necessary. If you have no sales experience your application will not be considered. A vehicle is needed for the role. Candidates must be able to work flexible hours, evenings and weekend work may be occasionally involved. This role brings a true sense of achievement knowing that you are making a real difference, if you think this is something that you can excel in please apply now" "['venue', 'fundraiser', 'commission', 'corridor', 'essex', 'kent', 'east', 'sussex', 'people', 'stands', 'store', 'supermarkets', 'london', 'involves', 'face', 'face', 'contact', 'base', 'actively', 'speaking', 'members', 'public', 'promote', 'charity', 'fundraising', 'customers', 'attention', 'involves', 'bank', 'details', 'sign', 'direct', 'charity', 'representing', 'direct', 'debits', 'set', 'twelve', 'month', 'stand', 'talk', 'build', 'instant', 'rapport', 'people', 'meet', 'starter', 'enthusiasm', 'resilience', 'hit', 'targets', 'enjoy', 'uncapped', 'earning', 'potential', 'great', 'satisfaction', 'previous', 'venue', 'street', 'fundraising', 'door', 'door', 'application', 'considered', 'vehicle', 'needed', 'candidates', 'flexible', 'hours', 'evenings', 'weekend', 'occasionally', 'involved', 'brings', 'true', 'sense', 'achievement', 'making', 'real', 'difference', 'excel']" Sales
"Title: Experienced Machinist Vertical Borer (Heavy Engineering)
Webindex: 72443359
Company: Morson International.
Description: Our established client is looking for a time served CNC Heavy Machinist This is a superb opportunity for someone looking to enhance their career for a company with endless potential. You will need the following experience and be timeserved: Health and Safety trained Be able to read detailed planning/process sheets and engineering drawings Have experience of Vertical Boring M/C Webster Bennett Hours of work are Monday to Thursday **** ?? **** and Friday **** ?? **** 28 days holiday inc Bank Holidays Please contact Darren Slater on **** **** **** or email CV This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ExperiencedMachinistVerticalBorerHeavyEngineering_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00072.txt " Experienced Machinist Vertical Borer (Heavy Engineering)" " 72443359" " Morson International." " Our established client is looking for a time served CNC Heavy Machinist This is a superb opportunity for someone looking to enhance their career for a company with endless potential. You will need the following experience and be timeserved: Health and Safety trained Be able to read detailed planning/process sheets and engineering drawings Have experience of Vertical Boring M/C Webster Bennett Hours of work are Monday to Thursday **** ?? **** and Friday **** ?? **** 28 days holiday inc Bank Holidays Please contact Darren Slater on **** **** **** or email CV This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ExperiencedMachinistVerticalBorerHeavyEngineering_job****" "['established', 'time', 'served', 'cnc', 'heavy', 'machinist', 'superb', 'enhance', 'career', 'potential', 'timeserved', 'health', 'safety', 'trained', 'read', 'detailed', 'planning', 'process', 'sheets', 'drawings', 'vertical', 'boring', 'hours', 'monday', 'thursday', 'friday', 'days', 'holiday', 'bank', 'holidays', 'contact', 'darren', 'email', 'cv', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: FIELD SALES EXECUTIVE  HD IP CCTV SYSTEMS
Webindex: 71083870
Company: CVbrowser
Description: FIELD SALES EXECUTIVE HD IP CCTV SYSTEMS LONDON HOME COUNTIES UP ****  **** OTE (UNCAPPED) Field Sales Executive / Sales sought by my client who are an innovative and a highly desirable provider of HD IP CCTV Systems, Access Control, Alarms and similar security systems to businesses.Due to their continued success they are now recruiting for a Field Sales Executive / Sales Agent to attend qualified appointments. THE ROLE The successful Field Sales Executive will be selling High Definition IP CCTV Systems to businesses (B2B)You can also sell my clients other range of products e.g. Remote Monitored CCTV, Intruder Alarms, Access Control, Fire Detection Systems and other such systems on a business to business (B2B) basisThe Sales Executive will be attending **** prequalified appointments per dayYou be predominantly dealing with businesses (B2B) in London and the Home CountiesYou will be allocated appointments within your region and we are looking for Sales Executives in London and the Home CountiesThis is a new business role with **** prequalified appoint per dayfull induction, sales and product training providedTHIS IS A SELF EMPLOYED COMMISSION ONLY ROLE THE CANDIDATE The ideal candidate will have sales experience e.g. electronic / electrical retail, field sales experience, IT sales or other similar such experienceYou MUST live in London and the Home CountiesYou Must be selfmotived and tenaciousYou will also be Enthusiastic, resilient, confident, outgoing with the ability to build an instant rapportYou MUST have a full driving licence with your own car and mobile phone THE SALARY This is a selfemployed role****  **** realistic OTE UncappedSales incentives e.g. Boxing nights out, Chelsea Season ticket evens etcFull induction, sales and products training.Ongoing training and support from the regional managerDemonstration products provided Immediate interviews availableFollow us on twitter awconsultingltd In respect to the above role(s), Anderson Wright Consulting Ltd operates as an Employment Agency FIELD SALES EXECUTIVE HD IP CCTV SYSTEMS LONDON HOME COUNTIES UP ****  **** OTE (UNCAPPED)" 3 data/Sales\Job_00731.txt " FIELD SALES EXECUTIVE  HD IP CCTV SYSTEMS" " 71083870" " CVbrowser" " FIELD SALES EXECUTIVE HD IP CCTV SYSTEMS LONDON HOME COUNTIES UP ****  **** OTE (UNCAPPED) Field Sales Executive / Sales sought by my client who are an innovative and a highly desirable provider of HD IP CCTV Systems, Access Control, Alarms and similar security systems to businesses.Due to their continued success they are now recruiting for a Field Sales Executive / Sales Agent to attend qualified appointments. THE ROLE The successful Field Sales Executive will be selling High Definition IP CCTV Systems to businesses (B2B)You can also sell my clients other range of products e.g. Remote Monitored CCTV, Intruder Alarms, Access Control, Fire Detection Systems and other such systems on a business to business (B2B) basisThe Sales Executive will be attending **** prequalified appointments per dayYou be predominantly dealing with businesses (B2B) in London and the Home CountiesYou will be allocated appointments within your region and we are looking for Sales Executives in London and the Home CountiesThis is a new business role with **** prequalified appoint per dayfull induction, sales and product training providedTHIS IS A SELF EMPLOYED COMMISSION ONLY ROLE THE CANDIDATE The ideal candidate will have sales experience e.g. electronic / electrical retail, field sales experience, IT sales or other similar such experienceYou MUST live in London and the Home CountiesYou Must be selfmotived and tenaciousYou will also be Enthusiastic, resilient, confident, outgoing with the ability to build an instant rapportYou MUST have a full driving licence with your own car and mobile phone THE SALARY This is a selfemployed role****  **** realistic OTE UncappedSales incentives e.g. Boxing nights out, Chelsea Season ticket evens etcFull induction, sales and products training.Ongoing training and support from the regional managerDemonstration products provided Immediate interviews availableFollow us on twitter awconsultingltd In respect to the above role(s), Anderson Wright Consulting Ltd operates as an Employment Agency FIELD SALES EXECUTIVE HD IP CCTV SYSTEMS LONDON HOME COUNTIES UP ****  **** OTE (UNCAPPED)" "['field', 'executive', 'hd', 'ip', 'cctv', 'london', 'counties', 'ote', 'uncapped', 'field', 'executive', 'sought', 'innovative', 'highly', 'desirable', 'provider', 'hd', 'ip', 'cctv', 'access', 'control', 'alarms', 'similar', 'security', 'businesses', 'due', 'continued', 'success', 'recruiting', 'field', 'executive', 'agent', 'attend', 'qualified', 'appointments', 'field', 'executive', 'selling', 'definition', 'ip', 'cctv', 'businesses', 'sell', 'range', 'products', 'remote', 'monitored', 'cctv', 'intruder', 'alarms', 'access', 'control', 'fire', 'detection', 'executive', 'attending', 'prequalified', 'appointments', 'predominantly', 'dealing', 'businesses', 'london', 'countiesyou', 'allocated', 'appointments', 'region', 'executives', 'london', 'prequalified', 'appoint', 'induction', 'product', 'employed', 'commission', 'ideal', 'electronic', 'electrical', 'retail', 'field', 'similar', 'live', 'london', 'countiesyou', 'enthusiastic', 'resilient', 'confident', 'outgoing', 'build', 'instant', 'driving', 'licence', 'car', 'mobile', 'phone', 'selfemployed', 'realistic', 'ote', 'incentives', 'nights', 'season', 'ticket', 'induction', 'products', 'ongoing', 'regional', 'products', 'provided', 'interviews', 'twitter', 'respect', 'wright', 'consulting', 'operates', 'employment', 'agency', 'field', 'executive', 'hd', 'ip', 'cctv', 'london', 'counties', 'ote', 'uncapped']" Sales
"Title: Service Engineer (Commercial Catering / Laundry Equipment)  Northamptonshire
Webindex: 72444583
Company: Additional Resources Ltd
Description: Service Engineer (Commercial Catering / Laundry Equipment)  Northamptonshire  up to ****K depending on experience  overtime OTE ****K  company vehicle  ****5 days holiday  pension  life assurance Are you a Service Engineer with strong experience working on Commercial Catering and Laundry Equipment looking to join a company that can offer you stability as well as excellent training and development? Company This well renowned company is looking to recruit a Service Engineer to assist the already successful team in coping with an ever increasing demand of the company`s machinery. In return you can expect one of the best packages in the industry and receive ongoing support as well as all training and development you need to ensure you maintain the company`s high standards to be a success in role. The role ****) Service and maintenance of Commercial Catering and Laundry Equipment ****) Covering the Sussex region Candidate skills / qualifications ****) It is ESSENTIAL that you come from a background that involved working on Commercial Catering Equipment OR Commercial Laundry Equipment 2) Suitable candidates MUST have both a recognised gas and electrical qualification Candidates suitable for this position can live anywhere in the following areas  Banbury Bedford Corby Coventry Kettering Leamington Spa Leicester Market Harborough Northampton Nuneaton Oakham Rugby Solihull Stamford St Neots Tamworth Warwick Wellingborough Additional Resources Ltd is an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as defined within The Conduct of Employment Agencies Employment Businesses Regulations **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ServiceEngineerCommercialCateringLaundryEquipmentNorthamptonshire_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00074.txt " Service Engineer (Commercial Catering / Laundry Equipment)  Northamptonshire" " 72444583" " Additional Resources Ltd" " Service Engineer (Commercial Catering / Laundry Equipment)  Northamptonshire  up to ****K depending on experience  overtime OTE ****K  company vehicle  ****5 days holiday  pension  life assurance Are you a Service Engineer with strong experience working on Commercial Catering and Laundry Equipment looking to join a company that can offer you stability as well as excellent training and development? Company This well renowned company is looking to recruit a Service Engineer to assist the already successful team in coping with an ever increasing demand of the company`s machinery. In return you can expect one of the best packages in the industry and receive ongoing support as well as all training and development you need to ensure you maintain the company`s high standards to be a success in role. The role ****) Service and maintenance of Commercial Catering and Laundry Equipment ****) Covering the Sussex region Candidate skills / qualifications ****) It is ESSENTIAL that you come from a background that involved working on Commercial Catering Equipment OR Commercial Laundry Equipment 2) Suitable candidates MUST have both a recognised gas and electrical qualification Candidates suitable for this position can live anywhere in the following areas  Banbury Bedford Corby Coventry Kettering Leamington Spa Leicester Market Harborough Northampton Nuneaton Oakham Rugby Solihull Stamford St Neots Tamworth Warwick Wellingborough Additional Resources Ltd is an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as defined within The Conduct of Employment Agencies Employment Businesses Regulations **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ServiceEngineerCommercialCateringLaundryEquipmentNorthamptonshire_job****" "['commercial', 'catering', 'laundry', 'equipment', 'northamptonshire', 'depending', 'overtime', 'ote', 'vehicle', 'days', 'holiday', 'pension', 'life', 'assurance', 'commercial', 'catering', 'laundry', 'equipment', 'offer', 'stability', 'renowned', 'recruit', 'assist', 'coping', 'increasing', 'demand', 'machinery', 'return', 'expect', 'packages', 'industry', 'receive', 'ongoing', 'maintain', 'standards', 'success', 'maintenance', 'commercial', 'catering', 'laundry', 'equipment', 'covering', 'sussex', 'region', 'qualifications', 'essential', 'background', 'involved', 'commercial', 'catering', 'equipment', 'commercial', 'laundry', 'equipment', 'suitable', 'candidates', 'recognised', 'gas', 'electrical', 'qualification', 'candidates', 'suitable', 'live', 'areas', 'bedford', 'coventry', 'kettering', 'leamington', 'spa', 'leicester', 'market', 'harborough', 'northampton', 'rugby', 'solihull', 'st', 'neots', 'wellingborough', 'additional', 'resources', 'employment', 'employment', 'agency', 'defined', 'conduct', 'employment', 'agencies', 'employment', 'businesses', 'regulations', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Senior Sales Executive
Webindex: 71170782
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Senior Sales Executive ********  Comm Our client, a leading global B2B publisher, is looking to recruit a Senior Sales Executive to join their vibrant team based in South London. As Senior Sales Executive you will be responsible for proactively selling advertsing space to clients for our clients across print and online. With confidence and enthusiasm you will have the opportunity to visit clients in the UK and abroad attending consumer and trade exhibitions. As a driven and passionate individual with the goal to succeed you will respond efficiently and professionally to advertiser/promotional requests. With strong communication skills you will liaise with other departments such as production, editorial and credit control.You will be target driven and record transactions effectively ensuring advertising proposals and booking are clear. You will cooperate with the running of the sales department including IBI's foreign agents. You will have previous B2B and online experience in multimedia publishing, ideally within weeklies. If you are ambitious and energetic and want to be part of a major media organisation then apply now. The Key Responsibilities of the Senior Sales Executive include: . Organising sales meetings, exhibitions, networking and business presentations . Key account management of clients, maintaining an after sales relationship with all clients . Conducting detailed preparation and research into the sales calls you make and the potential customer you are targeting . Maintaining a strong knowledge of the industry in which you work and any factors that may affect your business . Preparing, compiling and processing spreadsheets to report and communicate with your team . Producing a personal development plan to assist your progression within this role The Key qualities we are looking for in the Senior Sales Executive include: . Previous experience within B2B media sales and online . Experience of selling on a weekly . Previous Business to Business sales experience . Previous experience in multimedia publishing . Strong confidence to sell and negotiate at all levels . Ability to communicate at senior levels . Solid ability to learn and develop new and existing skills . Ability to work individually as well as part of a team . An ambitious individual who is willing to get involved and progress within the company . A selfmotivated individual who is well organised and client focused . Excellent knowledge of Excel, PowerPoint/Outlook . A good team player with a strong work ethic You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this position. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorSalesExecutive_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00721.txt " Senior Sales Executive" " 71170782" " Moriati Media UK Ltd" " Senior Sales Executive ********  Comm Our client, a leading global B2B publisher, is looking to recruit a Senior Sales Executive to join their vibrant team based in South London. As Senior Sales Executive you will be responsible for proactively selling advertsing space to clients for our clients across print and online. With confidence and enthusiasm you will have the opportunity to visit clients in the UK and abroad attending consumer and trade exhibitions. As a driven and passionate individual with the goal to succeed you will respond efficiently and professionally to advertiser/promotional requests. With strong communication skills you will liaise with other departments such as production, editorial and credit control.You will be target driven and record transactions effectively ensuring advertising proposals and booking are clear. You will cooperate with the running of the sales department including IBI's foreign agents. You will have previous B2B and online experience in multimedia publishing, ideally within weeklies. If you are ambitious and energetic and want to be part of a major media organisation then apply now. The Key Responsibilities of the Senior Sales Executive include: . Organising sales meetings, exhibitions, networking and business presentations . Key account management of clients, maintaining an after sales relationship with all clients . Conducting detailed preparation and research into the sales calls you make and the potential customer you are targeting . Maintaining a strong knowledge of the industry in which you work and any factors that may affect your business . Preparing, compiling and processing spreadsheets to report and communicate with your team . Producing a personal development plan to assist your progression within this role The Key qualities we are looking for in the Senior Sales Executive include: . Previous experience within B2B media sales and online . Experience of selling on a weekly . Previous Business to Business sales experience . Previous experience in multimedia publishing . Strong confidence to sell and negotiate at all levels . Ability to communicate at senior levels . Solid ability to learn and develop new and existing skills . Ability to work individually as well as part of a team . An ambitious individual who is willing to get involved and progress within the company . A selfmotivated individual who is well organised and client focused . Excellent knowledge of Excel, PowerPoint/Outlook . A good team player with a strong work ethic You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this position. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorSalesExecutive_job****" "['senior', 'executive', 'comm', 'global', 'publisher', 'recruit', 'senior', 'executive', 'vibrant', 'south', 'london', 'senior', 'executive', 'responsible', 'proactively', 'selling', 'advertsing', 'space', 'print', 'online', 'confidence', 'enthusiasm', 'visit', 'abroad', 'attending', 'consumer', 'trade', 'exhibitions', 'driven', 'passionate', 'individual', 'goal', 'succeed', 'respond', 'efficiently', 'professionally', 'promotional', 'requests', 'communication', 'liaise', 'departments', 'production', 'editorial', 'credit', 'control', 'target', 'driven', 'record', 'transactions', 'effectively', 'ensuring', 'advertising', 'proposals', 'booking', 'clear', 'cooperate', 'running', 'department', 'foreign', 'agents', 'previous', 'online', 'multimedia', 'publishing', 'ideally', 'ambitious', 'energetic', 'part', 'major', 'media', 'organisation', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'senior', 'executive', 'include', 'organising', 'meetings', 'exhibitions', 'networking', 'presentations', 'key', 'account', 'maintaining', 'relationship', 'conducting', 'detailed', 'preparation', 'research', 'calls', 'make', 'potential', 'targeting', 'maintaining', 'industry', 'factors', 'affect', 'preparing', 'compiling', 'processing', 'spreadsheets', 'report', 'communicate', 'producing', 'personal', 'plan', 'assist', 'progression', 'key', 'qualities', 'senior', 'executive', 'include', 'previous', 'media', 'online', 'selling', 'weekly', 'previous', 'previous', 'multimedia', 'publishing', 'confidence', 'sell', 'negotiate', 'levels', 'communicate', 'senior', 'levels', 'solid', 'learn', 'develop', 'existing', 'individually', 'part', 'ambitious', 'individual', 'involved', 'progress', 'selfmotivated', 'individual', 'organised', 'focused', 'excel', 'powerpoint', 'outlook', 'player', 'ethic', 'eligible', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'salestarget', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Band 6 adult SLT South Central
Webindex: 69686571
Company: The Placement Group
Description: We have an excellent position for a band 6 Speech and Language therapist to work in the Oxford region. The role: We are looking for a band 6 SLT who has previous adult acute experience and dysphagia trained. Position: Band 6 SLT Pay Rate: ****  **** per hour Start Date: 2nd January 2013 Duration: TBC Location: Oxford If this sounds like the next job for you, please get in touch ASAP by calling Faye Lyons on or email your current CV to  Refer a friend for this SLT job and earn 200 Cash About us??? Working with Mediplacements you'll receive: A dedicated one to one service Fast track registration process Excellent rates of pay Assistance with travel and accommodation Weekly pay  on time, every time Access to exclusive NHS and Private sector jobs 24 hour service from our friendly consultants Additional benefits include: Our loyalty scheme; TPG incentives  thousands of online and in store discounts No Registration Fee Reimbursed CRBs Free online training available Mediplacements are a GPS (formerly Buying Solutions) approved agency and hold many 'Preferred Supplier' agreements with the NHS Nationwide. This status ensures that our candidates gain the best possible exposure to quality standards, best practice and the best selection of temporary jobs available, visit for details." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00469.txt " Band 6 adult SLT South Central" " 69686571" " The Placement Group" " We have an excellent position for a band 6 Speech and Language therapist to work in the Oxford region. The role: We are looking for a band 6 SLT who has previous adult acute experience and dysphagia trained. Position: Band 6 SLT Pay Rate: ****  **** per hour Start Date: 2nd January 2013 Duration: TBC Location: Oxford If this sounds like the next job for you, please get in touch ASAP by calling Faye Lyons on or email your current CV to  Refer a friend for this SLT job and earn 200 Cash About us??? Working with Mediplacements you'll receive: A dedicated one to one service Fast track registration process Excellent rates of pay Assistance with travel and accommodation Weekly pay  on time, every time Access to exclusive NHS and Private sector jobs 24 hour service from our friendly consultants Additional benefits include: Our loyalty scheme; TPG incentives  thousands of online and in store discounts No Registration Fee Reimbursed CRBs Free online training available Mediplacements are a GPS (formerly Buying Solutions) approved agency and hold many 'Preferred Supplier' agreements with the NHS Nationwide. This status ensures that our candidates gain the best possible exposure to quality standards, best practice and the best selection of temporary jobs available, visit for details." "['band', 'speech', 'language', 'therapist', 'oxford', 'region', 'band', 'slt', 'previous', 'adult', 'acute', 'trained', 'band', 'slt', 'pay', 'rate', 'hour', 'start', 'date', 'january', 'duration', 'tbc', 'location', 'oxford', 'sounds', 'touch', 'asap', 'calling', 'email', 'current', 'cv', 'refer', 'friend', 'slt', 'earn', 'cash', 'mediplacements', 'receive', 'dedicated', 'fast', 'track', 'registration', 'process', 'rates', 'pay', 'assistance', 'travel', 'accommodation', 'weekly', 'pay', 'time', 'time', 'access', 'exclusive', 'nhs', 'private', 'sector', 'jobs', 'hour', 'friendly', 'consultants', 'additional', 'benefits', 'include', 'loyalty', 'scheme', 'tpg', 'incentives', 'thousands', 'online', 'store', 'discounts', 'registration', 'fee', 'reimbursed', 'crbs', 'free', 'online', 'mediplacements', 'gps', 'buying', 'solutions', 'approved', 'agency', 'hold', 'preferred', 'supplier', 'agreements', 'nhs', 'nationwide', 'status', 'ensures', 'candidates', 'gain', 'exposure', 'quality', 'standards', 'practice', 'selection', 'temporary', 'jobs', 'visit', 'details']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Test and Validation Engineer
Webindex: 69168938
Company: JAM Recruitment Ltd.
Description: Position  Test Validation Engineer  **** Location  Leicestershire Rate  Negotiable The Company A world leader who have ambitious but sustainable growth plans are looking for a number of Test and Validation Engineers, on a contract basis, to join their growing test team. The Role You'll be responsible for installing, operations, testing and reporting on fuel cell stacks and systems with one of the roles taking full responsibility for the running of these tests, including interpreting and managing the test and validation requirements of the company, the customer and relevant regulatory bodies. In addition to this you'll generate documentation and perform failure assessments, with one of the roles also heavily involved with customer liaison and contact with outsourced validation resources You… You'll have a strong testing / validation engineering background with test rigs and test documentation experience along with knowledge of at least some of the following (which are in no particular order)  Control systems  Electrical Engineering  Electrochemistry  Failure investigation  Fluid plumbing  Fuel cells  Materials Science  Mechanical Engineering  Reliability Engineering  Power Electronics  SMPS  Test documentation  Test rigs These are exciting opportunities to develop your career in a company who are at the forefront of technology and are committed to training and development. In order to apply please email your CV or call on **** **** **** View our latest jobs today at www.jamrecruitment.co.uk and follow us on Facebook, Twitter LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment business with regards to this position. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TestandValidationEngineer_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00018.txt " Test and Validation Engineer" " 69168938" " JAM Recruitment Ltd." " Position  Test Validation Engineer  **** Location  Leicestershire Rate  Negotiable The Company A world leader who have ambitious but sustainable growth plans are looking for a number of Test and Validation Engineers, on a contract basis, to join their growing test team. The Role You'll be responsible for installing, operations, testing and reporting on fuel cell stacks and systems with one of the roles taking full responsibility for the running of these tests, including interpreting and managing the test and validation requirements of the company, the customer and relevant regulatory bodies. In addition to this you'll generate documentation and perform failure assessments, with one of the roles also heavily involved with customer liaison and contact with outsourced validation resources You… You'll have a strong testing / validation engineering background with test rigs and test documentation experience along with knowledge of at least some of the following (which are in no particular order)  Control systems  Electrical Engineering  Electrochemistry  Failure investigation  Fluid plumbing  Fuel cells  Materials Science  Mechanical Engineering  Reliability Engineering  Power Electronics  SMPS  Test documentation  Test rigs These are exciting opportunities to develop your career in a company who are at the forefront of technology and are committed to training and development. In order to apply please email your CV or call on **** **** **** View our latest jobs today at www.jamrecruitment.co.uk and follow us on Facebook, Twitter LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment business with regards to this position. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TestandValidationEngineer_job****" "['test', 'validation', 'location', 'leicestershire', 'rate', 'negotiable', 'world', 'leader', 'ambitious', 'sustainable', 'growth', 'plans', 'number', 'test', 'validation', 'engineers', 'contract', 'basis', 'growing', 'test', 'responsible', 'installing', 'operations', 'testing', 'reporting', 'fuel', 'cell', 'roles', 'taking', 'responsibility', 'running', 'tests', 'interpreting', 'managing', 'test', 'validation', 'requirements', 'relevant', 'regulatory', 'bodies', 'addition', 'generate', 'documentation', 'perform', 'failure', 'assessments', 'roles', 'heavily', 'involved', 'liaison', 'contact', 'outsourced', 'validation', 'resources', 'testing', 'validation', 'background', 'test', 'rigs', 'test', 'documentation', 'order', 'control', 'electrical', 'failure', 'investigation', 'fluid', 'plumbing', 'fuel', 'cells', 'materials', 'science', 'mechanical', 'reliability', 'power', 'electronics', 'test', 'documentation', 'test', 'rigs', 'exciting', 'opportunities', 'develop', 'career', 'forefront', 'technology', 'committed', 'order', 'email', 'cv', 'call', 'view', 'latest', 'jobs', 'today', 'www', 'jamrecruitment', 'follow', 'facebook', 'twitter', 'linkedin', 'jam', 'acting', 'employment', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Senior Business Development Manager
Webindex: 68179675
Company: Carillion plc
Description: Company Overview Carillion is one of the UK s leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over pound;5billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion s principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management amp; Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion s principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group s main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon s portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer. Business Unit/Area Overview FMHead Office Purpose of Role To work with and, where appropriate, lead Operations Directors, Segment and Customer Account Directors and other members of the business development team in the generation, management and conversion of a sustainable pipeline of work that reflects the current and anticipated Business Plan. This is achieved through programmes of research and intelligence gathering, the interpretation and communication of data and the preparation and implementation of appropriate action plans. Key Objectives of the Role Work with senior management to build the Business Unit, Sector and Pairing Business plans. Hold an uptodate understanding of the macro economic environment within a Region or Sector over the plan period. Consider the implication of this for the key Sectors within which we operate Anticipate and understand how key players will respond Research to understand the business and project drivers of Sectors, customers and opportunities Engage with Sectors and customers to anticipate potential business opportunities and implement actions that will position Carillion with differentiated advantage Ensure the maintenance and updating of Sector, Business Unit and Customer Account plans Prepare and submit projectspecific Selectivity Checklists and, where appropriate Bid/No Bid Papers for presentation to the National Pipeline Meetings Ensure the preparation and submission of successful prequalification documentation Assist in the preparation of tender documentation. Analyse the customer base across the Region or Sector to establish a common approach to retention and growth. Prepare programmes of external communication, customer engagement and brand promotion that will contribute to the achievement of Carillion objectives Ensure effective management of Customer Satisfaction surveys Proactively lead and support initiatives that will contribute to the achievement of the company s Health and Safety, and Sustainability targets Job Level Overview Subject to functional policy objectives and/or general business direction, the Job Holder will work within broadly defined policies and objectives. nbsp;He/She will demonstrate a detailed grasp of involved practices and procedures and will normally possess either an appropriate professional, or academic quqlification. The Job Holder s performance will have either a small impact on plc performance, or a medium impact on Business Group performance. Operational Accountabilities Delivers elements within their Business Unit plan to achieve current year s performance Inputs to planning activities with horizons of typically 12 years Manages activities to support operational delivery and growth for their Operates within agreed operational and/or management guidelines Maintains effective internal and external client or user relationships within own area of responsibility Delivers Health and Safety policy and standards Implements Business Unit decisions and sets local priorities Applies high level technical skills across a range of functional or business activities Focuses on providing input to the annual business, financial and people plan for the specific contract, project or specialism Financial Accountabilities Within a Business Unit or a professional function: Works within clear budgetary guidelines Translates plans and requirements into realistic budgets and targets for subteams Promotes innovative ways to add value and reduce costs within the team. May contribute to budget planning Directs Level 1 projects People Accountabilities For a contract or multidisciplinary team: Responsible for the overall resourcing Optimises performance Undertakes performance reviews and provides training, reward and succession recommendations Full management control of people resources and is responsible for implementing disciplinary actions up to and including dismissal. Knowledge and Applied Skills Possesses knowledge of one complex functional or business area Track record of success in supporting a major business contract, Business Unit or region and/or providing support to a professional function Likely to have in excess of 5 years managerial and/or technical experience. Member of a Professional Body with Intermediate Level Qualifications as a minimum. Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information This role is based in London and we are seeking candidates with a background in Selling Hard FM Services." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00201.txt " Senior Business Development Manager" " 68179675" " Carillion plc" " Company Overview Carillion is one of the UK s leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over pound;5billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion s principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management amp; Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion s principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group s main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon s portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer. Business Unit/Area Overview FMHead Office Purpose of Role To work with and, where appropriate, lead Operations Directors, Segment and Customer Account Directors and other members of the business development team in the generation, management and conversion of a sustainable pipeline of work that reflects the current and anticipated Business Plan. This is achieved through programmes of research and intelligence gathering, the interpretation and communication of data and the preparation and implementation of appropriate action plans. Key Objectives of the Role Work with senior management to build the Business Unit, Sector and Pairing Business plans. Hold an uptodate understanding of the macro economic environment within a Region or Sector over the plan period. Consider the implication of this for the key Sectors within which we operate Anticipate and understand how key players will respond Research to understand the business and project drivers of Sectors, customers and opportunities Engage with Sectors and customers to anticipate potential business opportunities and implement actions that will position Carillion with differentiated advantage Ensure the maintenance and updating of Sector, Business Unit and Customer Account plans Prepare and submit projectspecific Selectivity Checklists and, where appropriate Bid/No Bid Papers for presentation to the National Pipeline Meetings Ensure the preparation and submission of successful prequalification documentation Assist in the preparation of tender documentation. Analyse the customer base across the Region or Sector to establish a common approach to retention and growth. Prepare programmes of external communication, customer engagement and brand promotion that will contribute to the achievement of Carillion objectives Ensure effective management of Customer Satisfaction surveys Proactively lead and support initiatives that will contribute to the achievement of the company s Health and Safety, and Sustainability targets Job Level Overview Subject to functional policy objectives and/or general business direction, the Job Holder will work within broadly defined policies and objectives. nbsp;He/She will demonstrate a detailed grasp of involved practices and procedures and will normally possess either an appropriate professional, or academic quqlification. The Job Holder s performance will have either a small impact on plc performance, or a medium impact on Business Group performance. Operational Accountabilities Delivers elements within their Business Unit plan to achieve current year s performance Inputs to planning activities with horizons of typically 12 years Manages activities to support operational delivery and growth for their Operates within agreed operational and/or management guidelines Maintains effective internal and external client or user relationships within own area of responsibility Delivers Health and Safety policy and standards Implements Business Unit decisions and sets local priorities Applies high level technical skills across a range of functional or business activities Focuses on providing input to the annual business, financial and people plan for the specific contract, project or specialism Financial Accountabilities Within a Business Unit or a professional function: Works within clear budgetary guidelines Translates plans and requirements into realistic budgets and targets for subteams Promotes innovative ways to add value and reduce costs within the team. May contribute to budget planning Directs Level 1 projects People Accountabilities For a contract or multidisciplinary team: Responsible for the overall resourcing Optimises performance Undertakes performance reviews and provides training, reward and succession recommendations Full management control of people resources and is responsible for implementing disciplinary actions up to and including dismissal. Knowledge and Applied Skills Possesses knowledge of one complex functional or business area Track record of success in supporting a major business contract, Business Unit or region and/or providing support to a professional function Likely to have in excess of 5 years managerial and/or technical experience. Member of a Professional Body with Intermediate Level Qualifications as a minimum. Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information This role is based in London and we are seeking candidates with a background in Selling Hard FM Services." "['overview', 'carillion', 'companies', 'substantial', 'portfolio', 'public', 'private', 'partnership', 'projects', 'extensive', 'construction', 'capabilities', 'group', 'annual', 'revenue', 'pound', 'billion', 'employs', 'people', 'operates', 'middle', 'east', 'canada', 'caribbean', 'carillion', 'principal', 'market', 'sectors', 'defence', 'education', 'health', 'facilities', 'amp', 'rail', 'roads', 'building', 'civil', 'utilities', 'middle', 'east', 'carillion', 'principal', 'market', 'sectors', 'construction', 'facilities', 'canada', 'caribbean', 'group', 'main', 'sectors', 'health', 'roads', 'maintenance', 'construction', 'carillon', 'portfolio', 'equity', 'investments', 'public', 'private', 'partnership', 'projects', 'includes', 'projects', 'canada', 'defence', 'education', 'health', 'transport', 'sectors', 'carillion', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer', 'unit', 'area', 'overview', 'office', 'purpose', 'lead', 'operations', 'directors', 'segment', 'account', 'directors', 'members', 'generation', 'conversion', 'sustainable', 'pipeline', 'reflects', 'current', 'anticipated', 'plan', 'achieved', 'programmes', 'research', 'intelligence', 'gathering', 'interpretation', 'communication', 'data', 'preparation', 'implementation', 'action', 'plans', 'key', 'objectives', 'senior', 'build', 'unit', 'sector', 'plans', 'hold', 'uptodate', 'understanding', 'economic', 'environment', 'region', 'sector', 'plan', 'period', 'key', 'sectors', 'operate', 'anticipate', 'understand', 'key', 'players', 'respond', 'research', 'understand', 'project', 'drivers', 'sectors', 'customers', 'opportunities', 'engage', 'sectors', 'customers', 'anticipate', 'potential', 'opportunities', 'implement', 'actions', 'carillion', 'advantage', 'maintenance', 'updating', 'sector', 'unit', 'account', 'plans', 'prepare', 'submit', 'bid', 'bid', 'papers', 'presentation', 'national', 'pipeline', 'meetings', 'preparation', 'submission', 'documentation', 'assist', 'preparation', 'tender', 'documentation', 'analyse', 'base', 'region', 'sector', 'establish', 'common', 'approach', 'retention', 'growth', 'prepare', 'programmes', 'external', 'communication', 'engagement', 'brand', 'promotion', 'contribute', 'achievement', 'carillion', 'objectives', 'effective', 'satisfaction', 'surveys', 'proactively', 'lead', 'initiatives', 'contribute', 'achievement', 'health', 'safety', 'sustainability', 'targets', 'level', 'overview', 'subject', 'functional', 'policy', 'objectives', 'general', 'direction', 'holder', 'defined', 'policies', 'objectives', 'nbsp', 'demonstrate', 'detailed', 'grasp', 'involved', 'practices', 'procedures', 'possess', 'professional', 'academic', 'holder', 'performance', 'small', 'impact', 'plc', 'performance', 'medium', 'impact', 'group', 'performance', 'operational', 'accountabilities', 'delivers', 'elements', 'unit', 'plan', 'achieve', 'current', 'year', 'performance', 'inputs', 'planning', 'activities', 'horizons', 'typically', 'years', 'manages', 'activities', 'operational', 'delivery', 'growth', 'operates', 'agreed', 'operational', 'guidelines', 'maintains', 'effective', 'internal', 'external', 'user', 'relationships', 'area', 'responsibility', 'delivers', 'health', 'safety', 'policy', 'standards', 'implements', 'unit', 'decisions', 'sets', 'local', 'priorities', 'applies', 'level', 'technical', 'range', 'functional', 'activities', 'focuses', 'providing', 'input', 'annual', 'people', 'plan', 'specific', 'contract', 'project', 'specialism', 'accountabilities', 'unit', 'professional', 'function', 'works', 'clear', 'budgetary', 'guidelines', 'plans', 'requirements', 'realistic', 'budgets', 'targets', 'promotes', 'innovative', 'ways', 'add', 'reduce', 'costs', 'contribute', 'budget', 'planning', 'level', 'projects', 'people', 'accountabilities', 'contract', 'multidisciplinary', 'responsible', 'resourcing', 'optimises', 'performance', 'undertakes', 'performance', 'reviews', 'reward', 'succession', 'recommendations', 'control', 'people', 'resources', 'responsible', 'implementing', 'disciplinary', 'actions', 'applied', 'complex', 'functional', 'area', 'track', 'record', 'success', 'supporting', 'major', 'contract', 'unit', 'region', 'providing', 'professional', 'function', 'excess', 'years', 'managerial', 'technical', 'member', 'professional', 'body', 'intermediate', 'level', 'qualifications', 'minimum', 'behavioural', 'competencies', 'achieving', 'builds', 'relationships', 'awareness', 'contributing', 'continuous', 'improvement', 'focus', 'dealing', 'change', 'delivery', 'people', 'planning', 'organising', 'additional', 'information', 'london', 'seeking', 'candidates', 'background', 'selling', 'hard', 'fm']" Engineering
"Title: Assisted Living Coordinator Bournemouth  Bournemouth
Webindex: 71614229
Company: Quantum Recruitment
Description: Our client one of the UK's leading Care Providers is looking to recruit an Assisted Living Coordinator for their facility in Westbourne.The Assisted Living Coordinator will have full responsibility for the day to day management of all the Assisted Living functions. The Assisted Living Coordinator reports to Registered Manager for all matters relating to regulatory standards set out by CQC. Responsibilities include:Resident Programmes and CareFinancial ManagementQuality Assurance and Regulatory People ManagementFamily ServicesThis facility is registered Nursing so you will need to be a RGN. If you can demonstrates a strong career path within elderly care and are looking for a position in the Westbourne area, please contact us ASAP for an early interview." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00486.txt " Assisted Living Coordinator Bournemouth  Bournemouth" " 71614229" " Quantum Recruitment" " Our client one of the UK's leading Care Providers is looking to recruit an Assisted Living Coordinator for their facility in Westbourne.The Assisted Living Coordinator will have full responsibility for the day to day management of all the Assisted Living functions. The Assisted Living Coordinator reports to Registered Manager for all matters relating to regulatory standards set out by CQC. Responsibilities include:Resident Programmes and CareFinancial ManagementQuality Assurance and Regulatory People ManagementFamily ServicesThis facility is registered Nursing so you will need to be a RGN. If you can demonstrates a strong career path within elderly care and are looking for a position in the Westbourne area, please contact us ASAP for an early interview." "[""uk's"", 'providers', 'recruit', 'assisted', 'living', 'coordinator', 'facility', 'westbourne', 'assisted', 'living', 'coordinator', 'responsibility', 'day', 'day', 'assisted', 'living', 'functions', 'assisted', 'living', 'coordinator', 'reports', 'registered', 'matters', 'relating', 'regulatory', 'standards', 'set', 'cqc', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'resident', 'programmes', 'assurance', 'regulatory', 'people', 'facility', 'registered', 'nursing', 'rgn', 'demonstrates', 'career', 'path', 'elderly', 'westbourne', 'area', 'contact', 'asap', 'early', 'interview']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Travel Consultant
Webindex: 70485873
Company: Flight Centre UK Ltd
Description: Travel Consultant Due to ongoing growth, we have an exceptional opportunity for a talented Travel Consultant or salesminded individual to join our sociable and successful teams in Richmond, Wimbledon, Croydon and Sutton. Previous Travel Consultant experience is not essential, as training will be provided. Travel Consultant Responsibilities: This varied Travel Consultant role will see youselling business and leisure travel to your clients, ultimately providing outstanding customer service while you manage every aspect of their trip, from organising flights to arranging visas. Benefits: Joining an awardwinning company that is built on the success of its staff, you will gain three weeks of comprehensive training to sharpen your sales skills and plump up your product knowledge. Additional benefits include: Uncapped commission structure and business ownership scheme Discounted travel and fantastic incentives from the world's top travel providers Industry renowned social events and excellent company culture Exceptional career progression with worldwide opportunities Fasttrack leadership programme to develop our future leaders Comprehensive induction, sales, product and leadership training Free and confidential financial advice from our inhouse financial advisors Free health consultations, discounted fitness sessions and gym memberships Discounted physiotherapy, massage, reflexology, taxfree bikes and more… Opportunityto take a three month sabbatical after five years Travel Consultants will receive a healthy base salary of **** , plus an excellent uncapped commission structure , which makes the top Travel Consultants some of the highest earners in the industry. Our top agents earned in excess of ****K last year  do you have what it takes to be one of them? Requirements: Sales skills and experience in a targetdriven role A strong academic record is essential (ideally an undergraduate degree) Experience of travelling on at least two continents outside ofEurope Strong communication skills with the ability to make your clients feel loved Flight Centre Career Case Study When Chris began his career as a travel consultant in Putney, Flight Centre had a couple of shops, about **** staff and no head office. That was 15 years ago. Now he's Flight Centre's managing director for theUKandSouth Africa, overseeing **** brands, **** people and a **** billion turnover. Chris's progression encapsulates one of Flight Centre's philosophies: everyone has a right to see a clear pathway to achieve their career goals. Travel consultants can choose to develop their sales career within Flight Centre's retail brands or they can explore opportunities in corporate travel, adventure travel or in a different area such as marketing or product. At Flight Centre, career progression is accessible for those who want it. If you have global ambition and topnotch sales skills, click on the apply button below. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/TravelConsultant_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00622.txt " Travel Consultant" " 70485873" " Flight Centre UK Ltd" " Travel Consultant Due to ongoing growth, we have an exceptional opportunity for a talented Travel Consultant or salesminded individual to join our sociable and successful teams in Richmond, Wimbledon, Croydon and Sutton. Previous Travel Consultant experience is not essential, as training will be provided. Travel Consultant Responsibilities: This varied Travel Consultant role will see youselling business and leisure travel to your clients, ultimately providing outstanding customer service while you manage every aspect of their trip, from organising flights to arranging visas. Benefits: Joining an awardwinning company that is built on the success of its staff, you will gain three weeks of comprehensive training to sharpen your sales skills and plump up your product knowledge. Additional benefits include: Uncapped commission structure and business ownership scheme Discounted travel and fantastic incentives from the world's top travel providers Industry renowned social events and excellent company culture Exceptional career progression with worldwide opportunities Fasttrack leadership programme to develop our future leaders Comprehensive induction, sales, product and leadership training Free and confidential financial advice from our inhouse financial advisors Free health consultations, discounted fitness sessions and gym memberships Discounted physiotherapy, massage, reflexology, taxfree bikes and more… Opportunityto take a three month sabbatical after five years Travel Consultants will receive a healthy base salary of **** , plus an excellent uncapped commission structure , which makes the top Travel Consultants some of the highest earners in the industry. Our top agents earned in excess of ****K last year  do you have what it takes to be one of them? Requirements: Sales skills and experience in a targetdriven role A strong academic record is essential (ideally an undergraduate degree) Experience of travelling on at least two continents outside ofEurope Strong communication skills with the ability to make your clients feel loved Flight Centre Career Case Study When Chris began his career as a travel consultant in Putney, Flight Centre had a couple of shops, about **** staff and no head office. That was 15 years ago. Now he's Flight Centre's managing director for theUKandSouth Africa, overseeing **** brands, **** people and a **** billion turnover. Chris's progression encapsulates one of Flight Centre's philosophies: everyone has a right to see a clear pathway to achieve their career goals. Travel consultants can choose to develop their sales career within Flight Centre's retail brands or they can explore opportunities in corporate travel, adventure travel or in a different area such as marketing or product. At Flight Centre, career progression is accessible for those who want it. If you have global ambition and topnotch sales skills, click on the apply button below. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/TravelConsultant_job****" "['travel', 'consultant', 'due', 'ongoing', 'growth', 'exceptional', 'talented', 'travel', 'consultant', 'individual', 'sociable', 'teams', 'richmond', 'croydon', 'sutton', 'previous', 'travel', 'consultant', 'essential', 'provided', 'travel', 'consultant', 'responsibilities', 'varied', 'travel', 'consultant', 'leisure', 'travel', 'ultimately', 'providing', 'outstanding', 'manage', 'aspect', 'trip', 'organising', 'flights', 'arranging', 'visas', 'benefits', 'joining', 'awardwinning', 'built', 'success', 'gain', 'weeks', 'comprehensive', 'sharpen', 'product', 'additional', 'benefits', 'include', 'uncapped', 'commission', 'structure', 'ownership', 'scheme', 'discounted', 'travel', 'fantastic', 'incentives', ""world's"", 'top', 'travel', 'providers', 'industry', 'renowned', 'social', 'events', 'culture', 'exceptional', 'career', 'progression', 'worldwide', 'opportunities', 'fasttrack', 'leadership', 'programme', 'develop', 'future', 'leaders', 'comprehensive', 'induction', 'product', 'leadership', 'free', 'confidential', 'advice', 'inhouse', 'advisors', 'free', 'health', 'consultations', 'discounted', 'fitness', 'sessions', 'gym', 'discounted', 'physiotherapy', 'bikes', 'month', 'years', 'travel', 'consultants', 'receive', 'healthy', 'base', 'uncapped', 'commission', 'structure', 'makes', 'top', 'travel', 'consultants', 'highest', 'earners', 'industry', 'top', 'agents', 'earned', 'excess', 'year', 'takes', 'requirements', 'targetdriven', 'academic', 'record', 'essential', 'ideally', 'degree', 'travelling', 'continents', 'communication', 'make', 'feel', 'flight', 'centre', 'career', 'case', 'study', 'chris', 'began', 'career', 'travel', 'consultant', 'flight', 'centre', 'couple', 'shops', 'head', 'office', 'years', 'ago', 'flight', ""centre's"", 'managing', 'director', 'africa', 'overseeing', 'brands', 'people', 'billion', 'turnover', 'progression', 'encapsulates', 'flight', ""centre's"", 'clear', 'pathway', 'achieve', 'career', 'goals', 'travel', 'consultants', 'choose', 'develop', 'career', 'flight', ""centre's"", 'retail', 'brands', 'explore', 'opportunities', 'corporate', 'travel', 'travel', 'area', 'marketing', 'product', 'flight', 'centre', 'career', 'progression', 'accessible', 'global', 'ambition', 'click', 'button', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'salestarget', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Commercial Insurance Underwriter
Webindex: 69092773
Company: Bond Search Selection Ltd
Description: Our client is a leading Insurer based in Belfast. As part of their continued expansion an opportunity has arisen for an enthusiastic, experienced individual to join the Commercial Underwriting Team in Belfast. Job Specification:  Liaise with the broker network in relation to quotations for Liability, Property Commercial combined risks  Complying with all regulatory and internal systems controls.  Proactively resolving enquiries from the Agency network and Operations Team.  Providing expert technical advice and guidance to customers.  Analysing, underwriting and processing individual risks, including more complex Risks.  Providing coaching and guidance to other members of the Team.  Supporting achievement of Regional growth and loss ratio targets, including liaison with the Operations Team and field visits when required. Personal Specification The successful candidate will be required to demonstrate:  Appropriate experience within a Commercial Underwriting environment.  A commitment to good customer care.  Excellent organisation and communication skills.  The ability to influence and implement change.  Initiative to identify and act upon process and service improvements.  Strong teamworking skills.  A proactive approach to the acquisition of business.  A positive can do attitude.  A sound technical knowledge.  The drive to meet challenging deadlines and achieve quality service standards. Essential Criteria A minimum of 5 years experience of Commercial Insurance Underwriting. Remuneration will be in the region of ****  **** and will include a market leading benefits package. To be considered please forward a CV in strictest confidence via the online application process. We are aware of the need for complete discretion when recruiting this level of position therefore your details will not be passed to any client until you have been made aware of the employer and have instructed us to proceed. To view our full range of similar vacancies or to register for jobs alerts via Twitter, please visit our website at www.bondselection.com As a corporate member of the Recruitment and Employment Confederation (REC), Bond Search Selection operates as both an Employment Agency and Employment Business. We adhere to all relevant legislation and offer services regardless of age, race, sex, disability or religious belief." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00399.txt " Commercial Insurance Underwriter" " 69092773" " Bond Search Selection Ltd" " Our client is a leading Insurer based in Belfast. As part of their continued expansion an opportunity has arisen for an enthusiastic, experienced individual to join the Commercial Underwriting Team in Belfast. Job Specification:  Liaise with the broker network in relation to quotations for Liability, Property Commercial combined risks  Complying with all regulatory and internal systems controls.  Proactively resolving enquiries from the Agency network and Operations Team.  Providing expert technical advice and guidance to customers.  Analysing, underwriting and processing individual risks, including more complex Risks.  Providing coaching and guidance to other members of the Team.  Supporting achievement of Regional growth and loss ratio targets, including liaison with the Operations Team and field visits when required. Personal Specification The successful candidate will be required to demonstrate:  Appropriate experience within a Commercial Underwriting environment.  A commitment to good customer care.  Excellent organisation and communication skills.  The ability to influence and implement change.  Initiative to identify and act upon process and service improvements.  Strong teamworking skills.  A proactive approach to the acquisition of business.  A positive can do attitude.  A sound technical knowledge.  The drive to meet challenging deadlines and achieve quality service standards. Essential Criteria A minimum of 5 years experience of Commercial Insurance Underwriting. Remuneration will be in the region of ****  **** and will include a market leading benefits package. To be considered please forward a CV in strictest confidence via the online application process. We are aware of the need for complete discretion when recruiting this level of position therefore your details will not be passed to any client until you have been made aware of the employer and have instructed us to proceed. To view our full range of similar vacancies or to register for jobs alerts via Twitter, please visit our website at www.bondselection.com As a corporate member of the Recruitment and Employment Confederation (REC), Bond Search Selection operates as both an Employment Agency and Employment Business. We adhere to all relevant legislation and offer services regardless of age, race, sex, disability or religious belief." "['insurer', 'belfast', 'part', 'continued', 'expansion', 'arisen', 'enthusiastic', 'experienced', 'individual', 'commercial', 'underwriting', 'belfast', 'specification', 'liaise', 'broker', 'network', 'relation', 'quotations', 'property', 'commercial', 'combined', 'risks', 'complying', 'regulatory', 'internal', 'controls', 'proactively', 'resolving', 'enquiries', 'agency', 'network', 'operations', 'providing', 'expert', 'technical', 'advice', 'guidance', 'customers', 'analysing', 'underwriting', 'processing', 'individual', 'risks', 'complex', 'risks', 'providing', 'coaching', 'guidance', 'members', 'supporting', 'achievement', 'regional', 'growth', 'loss', 'targets', 'liaison', 'operations', 'field', 'visits', 'personal', 'specification', 'demonstrate', 'commercial', 'underwriting', 'environment', 'commitment', 'organisation', 'communication', 'influence', 'implement', 'change', 'initiative', 'identify', 'act', 'process', 'improvements', 'teamworking', 'proactive', 'approach', 'acquisition', 'positive', 'attitude', 'sound', 'technical', 'drive', 'meet', 'challenging', 'deadlines', 'achieve', 'quality', 'standards', 'essential', 'criteria', 'minimum', 'years', 'commercial', 'insurance', 'underwriting', 'remuneration', 'region', 'include', 'market', 'benefits', 'package', 'considered', 'forward', 'cv', 'strictest', 'confidence', 'online', 'application', 'process', 'aware', 'complete', 'discretion', 'recruiting', 'level', 'details', 'passed', 'made', 'aware', 'employer', 'instructed', 'proceed', 'view', 'range', 'similar', 'vacancies', 'register', 'jobs', 'twitter', 'visit', 'website', 'www', 'corporate', 'member', 'employment', 'confederation', 'rec', 'search', 'selection', 'operates', 'employment', 'agency', 'employment', 'adhere', 'relevant', 'legislation', 'offer', 'age', 'race', 'sex', 'disability', 'religious', 'belief']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Payroll Assistant
Webindex: 72457492
Company: Page Personnel Finance
Description: This role is initially temporary but the organisation are recruiting on a permanent basis and you can apply for this role as well as potential go temporary to permanent. You will be involved in the full payroll process which includes Processing payroll on a monthly and weekly basis Handling payroll queries Processing starters, finishers, maternity pay, paternity pay. Various ad hoc payroll duties as part of the every day payroll role You must have experience within payroll to apply for this role. Immediate starts available for the successful candidate Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. A leading not for profit organisation with a strong history have an opportunity for a temporary payroll assistant to join their team. This is a brilliant organisation to work for. This role offers flexible work hours, excellent salary, free parking and a genuine opening for a permanent position. Your application will be reviewed by Page Personnel. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected fo Page Personnel is a leading UK recruitment consultancy This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PayrollAssistant_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00270.txt " Payroll Assistant" " 72457492" " Page Personnel Finance" " This role is initially temporary but the organisation are recruiting on a permanent basis and you can apply for this role as well as potential go temporary to permanent. You will be involved in the full payroll process which includes Processing payroll on a monthly and weekly basis Handling payroll queries Processing starters, finishers, maternity pay, paternity pay. Various ad hoc payroll duties as part of the every day payroll role You must have experience within payroll to apply for this role. Immediate starts available for the successful candidate Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. A leading not for profit organisation with a strong history have an opportunity for a temporary payroll assistant to join their team. This is a brilliant organisation to work for. This role offers flexible work hours, excellent salary, free parking and a genuine opening for a permanent position. Your application will be reviewed by Page Personnel. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected fo Page Personnel is a leading UK recruitment consultancy This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PayrollAssistant_job****" "['initially', 'temporary', 'organisation', 'recruiting', 'permanent', 'basis', 'potential', 'temporary', 'permanent', 'involved', 'payroll', 'process', 'includes', 'processing', 'payroll', 'monthly', 'weekly', 'basis', 'handling', 'payroll', 'queries', 'processing', 'starters', 'maternity', 'pay', 'paternity', 'pay', 'ad', 'hoc', 'payroll', 'duties', 'part', 'day', 'payroll', 'payroll', 'starts', 'specific', 'qualifications', 'account', 'overseas', 'equivalents', 'profit', 'organisation', 'history', 'temporary', 'payroll', 'assistant', 'brilliant', 'organisation', 'offers', 'flexible', 'hours', 'free', 'parking', 'genuine', 'opening', 'permanent', 'application', 'reviewed', 'page', 'personnel', 'aware', 'receive', 'volume', 'applications', 'advertised', 'regularly', 'receive', 'applications', 'candidates', 'exceed', 'credentials', 'contact', 'days', 'selected', 'page', 'personnel', 'consultancy', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Packaging Marketing Sales Administrator
Webindex: 71199751
Company: Loughborough
Description: Marketing Sales Administrator An exciting opportunity for an Individual to work in a fast paced state of the art office environment Reporting directly to the Marketing Director CEO, the individual will be responsible for delivering a consistently high standard of sales administration support. Identify new marketing opportunities Identifying new leads for existing product range and arranging follow up meetings for new business development sales persons Sending out company product literature to potential new customers in all market sectors Following up and receiving feedback on literature sent Identifying opportunities for new product selling Sourcing / searching the Internet for any product needed by other colleagues Taking customer calls confidently Confidence in cold calling A strong communicator, with good relationship skills, throughout all levels of the company, suppliers and customers Able to work using own initiative to discover opportunities in the market. Excellent communication and presentation skills are essential and demonstrate the ability to work under your own initiative as well as part of a team. The role is heavily focused on continued growth targeting blue chip, large, medium and small businesses Must have: Commercial awareness Exceptional written and verbal communication skills Attention to details Excellent IT skills An articulate, personable confident manner with the ability to liaise with individuals at all levels Must be organised A background in the packaging / carrier bag industry would be an advantage" 3 data/Sales\Job_00748.txt " Packaging Marketing Sales Administrator" " 71199751" " Loughborough" " Marketing Sales Administrator An exciting opportunity for an Individual to work in a fast paced state of the art office environment Reporting directly to the Marketing Director CEO, the individual will be responsible for delivering a consistently high standard of sales administration support. Identify new marketing opportunities Identifying new leads for existing product range and arranging follow up meetings for new business development sales persons Sending out company product literature to potential new customers in all market sectors Following up and receiving feedback on literature sent Identifying opportunities for new product selling Sourcing / searching the Internet for any product needed by other colleagues Taking customer calls confidently Confidence in cold calling A strong communicator, with good relationship skills, throughout all levels of the company, suppliers and customers Able to work using own initiative to discover opportunities in the market. Excellent communication and presentation skills are essential and demonstrate the ability to work under your own initiative as well as part of a team. The role is heavily focused on continued growth targeting blue chip, large, medium and small businesses Must have: Commercial awareness Exceptional written and verbal communication skills Attention to details Excellent IT skills An articulate, personable confident manner with the ability to liaise with individuals at all levels Must be organised A background in the packaging / carrier bag industry would be an advantage" "['marketing', 'administrator', 'exciting', 'individual', 'fast', 'paced', 'state', 'art', 'office', 'environment', 'reporting', 'directly', 'marketing', 'director', 'ceo', 'individual', 'responsible', 'delivering', 'consistently', 'standard', 'administration', 'identify', 'marketing', 'opportunities', 'identifying', 'leads', 'existing', 'product', 'range', 'arranging', 'follow', 'meetings', 'persons', 'sending', 'product', 'literature', 'potential', 'customers', 'market', 'sectors', 'receiving', 'feedback', 'literature', 'identifying', 'opportunities', 'product', 'selling', 'sourcing', 'searching', 'internet', 'product', 'needed', 'colleagues', 'taking', 'calls', 'confidently', 'confidence', 'cold', 'calling', 'communicator', 'relationship', 'levels', 'suppliers', 'customers', 'initiative', 'opportunities', 'market', 'communication', 'presentation', 'essential', 'demonstrate', 'initiative', 'part', 'heavily', 'focused', 'continued', 'growth', 'targeting', 'blue', 'chip', 'large', 'medium', 'small', 'businesses', 'commercial', 'awareness', 'exceptional', 'written', 'verbal', 'communication', 'attention', 'details', 'articulate', 'personable', 'confident', 'manner', 'liaise', 'individuals', 'levels', 'organised', 'background', 'packaging', 'carrier', 'industry', 'advantage']" Sales
"Title: Sales Assistant  Immediate Start  Instore Promotion
Webindex: 69671186
Company: A R Events
Description: Sales Assistant  Immediate Start  Instore Promotion NewcastleUponTyne A R Events in Newcastle is looking for 10 marketing sales assistants that are available to start immediately No marketing or sales experience is required because we offer product training workshops, ongoing guidance, and support. We re simply looking for people that:  Are over 18 years of age and eligible to work in the UK  Can commute to NewcastleUponTyne daily  Have above average customer service skills We help our clients increase their market share and brand awareness throughout the NewcastleUponTyne, Northumberland, Sutherland areas. We provide new customers for them on a daily basis through eventbased setups at places with heavy foot traffic (shopping centres, train stations, etc.). This allows us to explain their options clearly, answer questions and complete necessary contracts. Sales Assistants Should:  Enjoy working with customers, and have an outgoing personality to attract customer s attention  Be able to work independently and as part of a team  Have an interest in marketing, sales, and business  Take pride in their work ethic because earnings growth are both performancebased  Be available for full time hours because the more you put in, the more you get out  Dress smart and have a professional attitude because we meet with customers facetoface In the next 18 months, we ll be expanding into additional markets, so growth opportunities will be available for people to lead and manage campaigns, sales assistants, and clients. We have a fastpaced, structured Business Development Programme in place for people that produce results and have an interest in growing in our industry Send Your CV Today We have multiple event sales assistant spots to fill, but we ve already begun the selection process  Please send your CV to Laura through the online application process. We aim to contact successful applicants within **** working days via email or phone (so please be sure to include your current contact details). Selected applicants will be invited to spend a partial, unearned day observing a marketing sales assistant in action before a final decision is reached. " 3 data/Sales\Job_00669.txt " Sales Assistant  Immediate Start  Instore Promotion" " 69671186" " A R Events" " Sales Assistant  Immediate Start  Instore Promotion NewcastleUponTyne A R Events in Newcastle is looking for 10 marketing sales assistants that are available to start immediately No marketing or sales experience is required because we offer product training workshops, ongoing guidance, and support. We re simply looking for people that:  Are over 18 years of age and eligible to work in the UK  Can commute to NewcastleUponTyne daily  Have above average customer service skills We help our clients increase their market share and brand awareness throughout the NewcastleUponTyne, Northumberland, Sutherland areas. We provide new customers for them on a daily basis through eventbased setups at places with heavy foot traffic (shopping centres, train stations, etc.). This allows us to explain their options clearly, answer questions and complete necessary contracts. Sales Assistants Should:  Enjoy working with customers, and have an outgoing personality to attract customer s attention  Be able to work independently and as part of a team  Have an interest in marketing, sales, and business  Take pride in their work ethic because earnings growth are both performancebased  Be available for full time hours because the more you put in, the more you get out  Dress smart and have a professional attitude because we meet with customers facetoface In the next 18 months, we ll be expanding into additional markets, so growth opportunities will be available for people to lead and manage campaigns, sales assistants, and clients. We have a fastpaced, structured Business Development Programme in place for people that produce results and have an interest in growing in our industry Send Your CV Today We have multiple event sales assistant spots to fill, but we ve already begun the selection process  Please send your CV to Laura through the online application process. We aim to contact successful applicants within **** working days via email or phone (so please be sure to include your current contact details). Selected applicants will be invited to spend a partial, unearned day observing a marketing sales assistant in action before a final decision is reached. " "['assistant', 'start', 'promotion', 'newcastleupontyne', 'events', 'newcastle', 'marketing', 'assistants', 'start', 'immediately', 'marketing', 'offer', 'product', 'workshops', 'ongoing', 'guidance', 'simply', 'people', 'years', 'age', 'eligible', 'commute', 'newcastleupontyne', 'daily', 'average', 'increase', 'market', 'share', 'brand', 'awareness', 'newcastleupontyne', 'northumberland', 'areas', 'customers', 'daily', 'basis', 'places', 'heavy', 'foot', 'traffic', 'shopping', 'centres', 'train', 'explain', 'options', 'answer', 'questions', 'complete', 'contracts', 'assistants', 'enjoy', 'customers', 'outgoing', 'personality', 'attract', 'attention', 'independently', 'part', 'interest', 'marketing', 'pride', 'ethic', 'earnings', 'growth', 'time', 'hours', 'put', 'dress', 'smart', 'professional', 'attitude', 'meet', 'customers', 'facetoface', 'months', 'll', 'expanding', 'additional', 'markets', 'growth', 'opportunities', 'people', 'lead', 'manage', 'campaigns', 'assistants', 'fastpaced', 'structured', 'programme', 'place', 'people', 'produce', 'results', 'interest', 'growing', 'industry', 'send', 'cv', 'today', 'multiple', 'event', 'assistant', 'fill', 've', 'selection', 'process', 'send', 'cv', 'laura', 'online', 'application', 'process', 'aim', 'contact', 'applicants', 'days', 'email', 'phone', 'include', 'current', 'contact', 'details', 'selected', 'applicants', 'invited', 'spend', 'partial', 'day', 'observing', 'marketing', 'assistant', 'action', 'final', 'decision', 'reached']" Sales
"Title: X**** Telesales Executive
Webindex: 69004747
Company: OSR Recruitment Services
Description: X**** Telesales Executive required for our City Centre based client Immediate starts available New and exciting opportunity s have arisen to join a National Leader in the renewable energy market. Based in the City Centre you will be joining a well established team, working in a highly customer focused and target driven environment. **** basic OTE Uncapped Commission Monday Friday 11.30am 7.30pm Alternate Saturdays 9.30am ****.00pm Duties Include: Outbound calls  business to consumer Advising on products available Booking appointments for Sales Advisors to visit consumer Candidates will possess: Outbound sales experience Background of working within a target driven environment Excellent communication skills both written and verbal If you have the relevant experience please email your CV to Emma Lewis and we will endeavour to contact you within **** hours Due to the volume of applications we receive on a daily basis, if you haven t heard from us within 4 working days please consider your application unsuccessful" 3 data/Sales\Job_00635.txt " X**** Telesales Executive" " 69004747" " OSR Recruitment Services" " X**** Telesales Executive required for our City Centre based client Immediate starts available New and exciting opportunity s have arisen to join a National Leader in the renewable energy market. Based in the City Centre you will be joining a well established team, working in a highly customer focused and target driven environment. **** basic OTE Uncapped Commission Monday Friday 11.30am 7.30pm Alternate Saturdays 9.30am ****.00pm Duties Include: Outbound calls  business to consumer Advising on products available Booking appointments for Sales Advisors to visit consumer Candidates will possess: Outbound sales experience Background of working within a target driven environment Excellent communication skills both written and verbal If you have the relevant experience please email your CV to Emma Lewis and we will endeavour to contact you within **** hours Due to the volume of applications we receive on a daily basis, if you haven t heard from us within 4 working days please consider your application unsuccessful" "['telesales', 'executive', 'city', 'centre', 'starts', 'exciting', 'arisen', 'national', 'leader', 'renewable', 'energy', 'market', 'city', 'centre', 'joining', 'established', 'highly', 'focused', 'target', 'driven', 'environment', 'basic', 'ote', 'uncapped', 'commission', 'monday', 'friday', 'pm', 'alternate', 'saturdays', 'pm', 'duties', 'include', 'outbound', 'calls', 'consumer', 'advising', 'products', 'booking', 'appointments', 'advisors', 'visit', 'consumer', 'candidates', 'possess', 'outbound', 'background', 'target', 'driven', 'environment', 'communication', 'written', 'verbal', 'relevant', 'email', 'cv', 'emma', 'lewis', 'endeavour', 'contact', 'hours', 'due', 'volume', 'applications', 'receive', 'daily', 'basis', 'haven', 'heard', 'days', 'application', 'unsuccessful']" Sales
"Title: Graduate Mechanical Design Engineer, CAD, FEA
Webindex: 71199807
Company: About Solutions Recruitment Ltd
Description: Graduate Mechanical Design Engineer, CAD, FEA AutoCAD, CAD proficient Graduate Mechanical Design Engineer for growing engineering company. Serving the global market place in the petrochemical and oil gas industries you will be responsible for helping with the design, supply and construction of high spec instrumentation. Full training is provided for the Graduate Trainee. With academic and some commercial experience (industrial placement year ideal) in Solidworks, Inventor or similar and ****D ****D layout designs. You will be handheld in the first 6 months working on variety of projects This team is growing and the successful Graduate Mechanical Engineer will not be held back if they chose to move up the ranks within the Mechanical Design division. The Graduate Solid works Engineer must have:  HNC / HND / BEng / MEng / BSc or similar  Inventor or Solidworks experience  FEA experience  CAD, AutoCAD, ****D and ****D understanding  Aptitude to implement engineering principles  Examples of their CAD designs The aim is that the Graduate Mechanical engineer will become a key member of the CAD team. Typical responsibilities will include:  Reviewing development project plans  Executing mechanical designs  Contributing to new product development Superb opportunity for a technical capable and bright degree educated Mechanical Designer Key words: Solid works, Inventor, FEA, CAD, AutoCAD, ****D, ****D, Oil Gas" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00110.txt " Graduate Mechanical Design Engineer, CAD, FEA" " 71199807" " About Solutions Recruitment Ltd" " Graduate Mechanical Design Engineer, CAD, FEA AutoCAD, CAD proficient Graduate Mechanical Design Engineer for growing engineering company. Serving the global market place in the petrochemical and oil gas industries you will be responsible for helping with the design, supply and construction of high spec instrumentation. Full training is provided for the Graduate Trainee. With academic and some commercial experience (industrial placement year ideal) in Solidworks, Inventor or similar and ****D ****D layout designs. You will be handheld in the first 6 months working on variety of projects This team is growing and the successful Graduate Mechanical Engineer will not be held back if they chose to move up the ranks within the Mechanical Design division. The Graduate Solid works Engineer must have:  HNC / HND / BEng / MEng / BSc or similar  Inventor or Solidworks experience  FEA experience  CAD, AutoCAD, ****D and ****D understanding  Aptitude to implement engineering principles  Examples of their CAD designs The aim is that the Graduate Mechanical engineer will become a key member of the CAD team. Typical responsibilities will include:  Reviewing development project plans  Executing mechanical designs  Contributing to new product development Superb opportunity for a technical capable and bright degree educated Mechanical Designer Key words: Solid works, Inventor, FEA, CAD, AutoCAD, ****D, ****D, Oil Gas" "['graduate', 'mechanical', 'cad', 'fea', 'autocad', 'cad', 'proficient', 'graduate', 'mechanical', 'growing', 'serving', 'global', 'market', 'place', 'petrochemical', 'oil', 'gas', 'industries', 'responsible', 'helping', 'supply', 'construction', 'instrumentation', 'provided', 'graduate', 'trainee', 'academic', 'commercial', 'industrial', 'placement', 'year', 'ideal', 'solidworks', 'inventor', 'similar', 'layout', 'designs', 'handheld', 'months', 'variety', 'projects', 'growing', 'graduate', 'mechanical', 'held', 'back', 'move', 'mechanical', 'division', 'graduate', 'solid', 'works', 'hnc', 'hnd', 'beng', 'meng', 'bsc', 'similar', 'inventor', 'solidworks', 'fea', 'cad', 'autocad', 'understanding', 'aptitude', 'implement', 'principles', 'cad', 'designs', 'aim', 'graduate', 'mechanical', 'key', 'member', 'cad', 'typical', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'reviewing', 'project', 'plans', 'executing', 'mechanical', 'designs', 'contributing', 'product', 'superb', 'technical', 'capable', 'bright', 'degree', 'educated', 'mechanical', 'designer', 'key', 'words', 'solid', 'works', 'inventor', 'fea', 'cad', 'autocad', 'oil', 'gas']" Engineering
"Title: RGN  Scarborough
Webindex: 70253936
Company: Hammond Recruitment
Description: RGN My client is currently looking for an RGN to work in the Scarborough area. The role for an RGN will be working in a nursing home catering for the elderly and dementia. The applicant for the RGN role must have experience working as an RGN and hold a valid NMC pin number. If you would like to apply for the RGN post please forward me a copy of your CV. Hammond Recruitment Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RGNScarborough_job****" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00517.txt " RGN  Scarborough" " 70253936" " Hammond Recruitment" " RGN My client is currently looking for an RGN to work in the Scarborough area. The role for an RGN will be working in a nursing home catering for the elderly and dementia. The applicant for the RGN role must have experience working as an RGN and hold a valid NMC pin number. If you would like to apply for the RGN post please forward me a copy of your CV. Hammond Recruitment Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RGNScarborough_job****" "['rgn', 'rgn', 'area', 'rgn', 'nursing', 'catering', 'elderly', 'dementia', 'applicant', 'rgn', 'rgn', 'hold', 'valid', 'nmc', 'pin', 'number', 'rgn', 'post', 'forward', 'copy', 'cv', 'hammond', 'group', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'vacancy', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Community RMN West Midlands
Webindex: 72340106
Company: Aaron Millar Recruitment
Description: This is a community RMN role visiting service users in their own homes across Cannock, Redditch, Shrewsbury and Stafford. ****K per annum. 37.**** hrs a week. Company Car / Fuel Card / Pension The overall aim of the role is to achieve the highest possible standard of care in a professional manner, through providing direct nursing care to, including but not limited to, clients experiencing mental health problems, challenging behaviours and acquired brain injuries. Essential: Minimum 5 years post graduate, experience within both an inpatient and community services. Experience with working with challenging behaviours Excellent communication skills Excellent IT skills Knowledge and ability to undertake the following assessments KGV,BPRS,HCR20,START,LUNSARS,MINI MENTAL STATE, HONOS,BECKS Have the ability to manage crisis Experience working with a multidisciplinary team along with other professions such as OT and psychology Knowledge of Mental Health Act and Mental Capacity Act and deprivation of liberty safeguard Main Responsibilities: Caring for patients with complex needs in their own home. Building relationships with patients to encourage trust, while listening and interpreting their needs and concerns. Working within a CPA framework. Manage your time efficiently including diarising appointment and logistics of getting to and from your appointments Ensure uptodate risk assessments and recovery plans are in place Represent the company in all professional forums Liaise with Care Coordinators Compile reports when required Liaise with relatives of the Service User Administration and auditing of medication including overseeing any changes are implement effectively by liaising with the GP Communication medication changes to the Support worker team including medication awareness training Assessing service user mental health wellbeing and identifying changes and or deterioration and liaise with external agencies in order to prevent further deterioration To effectively work alongside stakeholders and other external professionals To communicate within the wider GHC team ensuring best level of care for the SU and support for the staff To assist in the arrangements of and to attend a variety of meetings including but not limited to CPA MDT and monthly reviews To ensure monthly reports are issued to the commissions in order they are kept up todate on SU progress To motivate SU to ensure they have a fully weekly activity plan Ability to use initiative and problem solving skills to assist with crisis intervention Focus upon quality of care To maintain CPD and be able to produce your CPB folder upon request To access and offer supervisions as appropriate To partake in the on call rota Health and Safety The post holder has a duty under the Health and Safety Work Act **** to: Take reasonable care of the health and safety of themselves and all other persons who may be affected by their acts or omissions at work. Cooperate with their employer to ensure compliance with Health and Safety legislation and the Health and Safety policies and procedures of the treatment centre, not intentionally or recklessly interfere with, or misuse, anything provided in the interests of health, safety, or welfare, in pursuance of any of the relevant statutory provisions. Data Provisions The post holder must all times respect the confidentiality of information in line with the requirements of Data Protection Act. This includes, if required to do so, obtain, process and/or use information held on computer in a fair and lawful way, to hold data only for the specified registered purposes and to use or disclose data only to authorized persons or organisations as instructed. This list of duties and responsibilities is by not exhaustive and the post holder and the post holder may be required to undertake other relevant and appropriate duties as reasonably required. This job description is subject to regular review and appropriate modification. Person Specification Registered Mental Health Nurse CRITERIA ESSENTIAL DESIRABLE Qualifications RMN Registered with NMC Evidence of updating practice and continued professional development Willing to undertake education/courses relevant to area of practice and service development Evidence of further education Experience A minimum of 5 years post registration experience Ability to assess, plan, implement and evaluate care and ability to develop a therapeutic relationship. Experience of managing a caseload A range of post registration experience within mental health settings including CBT Working with people from a variety of cultural backgrounds Knowledge Understanding of safe and effective alternatives to hospital care Understanding of the Mental Health Act Skills Registered Mental Nurse Location: Salary: Depending on experience Hours: 37.5 hrs per week plus on call duties as per rota Length of Contract: Full time permanent Leave: **** including public and bank holidays (pro rata for part time) Pension: Stakeholder Uniform: Not required Other" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00506.txt " Community RMN West Midlands" " 72340106" " Aaron Millar Recruitment" " This is a community RMN role visiting service users in their own homes across Cannock, Redditch, Shrewsbury and Stafford. ****K per annum. 37.**** hrs a week. Company Car / Fuel Card / Pension The overall aim of the role is to achieve the highest possible standard of care in a professional manner, through providing direct nursing care to, including but not limited to, clients experiencing mental health problems, challenging behaviours and acquired brain injuries. Essential: Minimum 5 years post graduate, experience within both an inpatient and community services. Experience with working with challenging behaviours Excellent communication skills Excellent IT skills Knowledge and ability to undertake the following assessments KGV,BPRS,HCR20,START,LUNSARS,MINI MENTAL STATE, HONOS,BECKS Have the ability to manage crisis Experience working with a multidisciplinary team along with other professions such as OT and psychology Knowledge of Mental Health Act and Mental Capacity Act and deprivation of liberty safeguard Main Responsibilities: Caring for patients with complex needs in their own home. Building relationships with patients to encourage trust, while listening and interpreting their needs and concerns. Working within a CPA framework. Manage your time efficiently including diarising appointment and logistics of getting to and from your appointments Ensure uptodate risk assessments and recovery plans are in place Represent the company in all professional forums Liaise with Care Coordinators Compile reports when required Liaise with relatives of the Service User Administration and auditing of medication including overseeing any changes are implement effectively by liaising with the GP Communication medication changes to the Support worker team including medication awareness training Assessing service user mental health wellbeing and identifying changes and or deterioration and liaise with external agencies in order to prevent further deterioration To effectively work alongside stakeholders and other external professionals To communicate within the wider GHC team ensuring best level of care for the SU and support for the staff To assist in the arrangements of and to attend a variety of meetings including but not limited to CPA MDT and monthly reviews To ensure monthly reports are issued to the commissions in order they are kept up todate on SU progress To motivate SU to ensure they have a fully weekly activity plan Ability to use initiative and problem solving skills to assist with crisis intervention Focus upon quality of care To maintain CPD and be able to produce your CPB folder upon request To access and offer supervisions as appropriate To partake in the on call rota Health and Safety The post holder has a duty under the Health and Safety Work Act **** to: Take reasonable care of the health and safety of themselves and all other persons who may be affected by their acts or omissions at work. Cooperate with their employer to ensure compliance with Health and Safety legislation and the Health and Safety policies and procedures of the treatment centre, not intentionally or recklessly interfere with, or misuse, anything provided in the interests of health, safety, or welfare, in pursuance of any of the relevant statutory provisions. Data Provisions The post holder must all times respect the confidentiality of information in line with the requirements of Data Protection Act. This includes, if required to do so, obtain, process and/or use information held on computer in a fair and lawful way, to hold data only for the specified registered purposes and to use or disclose data only to authorized persons or organisations as instructed. This list of duties and responsibilities is by not exhaustive and the post holder and the post holder may be required to undertake other relevant and appropriate duties as reasonably required. This job description is subject to regular review and appropriate modification. Person Specification Registered Mental Health Nurse CRITERIA ESSENTIAL DESIRABLE Qualifications RMN Registered with NMC Evidence of updating practice and continued professional development Willing to undertake education/courses relevant to area of practice and service development Evidence of further education Experience A minimum of 5 years post registration experience Ability to assess, plan, implement and evaluate care and ability to develop a therapeutic relationship. Experience of managing a caseload A range of post registration experience within mental health settings including CBT Working with people from a variety of cultural backgrounds Knowledge Understanding of safe and effective alternatives to hospital care Understanding of the Mental Health Act Skills Registered Mental Nurse Location: Salary: Depending on experience Hours: 37.5 hrs per week plus on call duties as per rota Length of Contract: Full time permanent Leave: **** including public and bank holidays (pro rata for part time) Pension: Stakeholder Uniform: Not required Other" "['community', 'rmn', 'visiting', 'users', 'homes', 'cannock', 'annum', 'hrs', 'week', 'car', 'fuel', 'card', 'pension', 'aim', 'achieve', 'highest', 'standard', 'professional', 'manner', 'providing', 'direct', 'nursing', 'limited', 'experiencing', 'mental', 'health', 'problems', 'challenging', 'behaviours', 'acquired', 'brain', 'injuries', 'essential', 'minimum', 'years', 'post', 'graduate', 'community', 'challenging', 'behaviours', 'communication', 'undertake', 'assessments', 'start', 'mental', 'state', 'manage', 'crisis', 'multidisciplinary', 'mental', 'health', 'act', 'mental', 'capacity', 'act', 'main', 'responsibilities', 'caring', 'patients', 'complex', 'building', 'relationships', 'patients', 'encourage', 'trust', 'listening', 'interpreting', 'concerns', 'cpa', 'framework', 'manage', 'time', 'efficiently', 'appointment', 'logistics', 'appointments', 'uptodate', 'risk', 'assessments', 'recovery', 'plans', 'place', 'represent', 'professional', 'forums', 'liaise', 'coordinators', 'compile', 'reports', 'liaise', 'relatives', 'user', 'administration', 'auditing', 'medication', 'overseeing', 'implement', 'effectively', 'liaising', 'gp', 'communication', 'medication', 'worker', 'medication', 'awareness', 'assessing', 'user', 'mental', 'health', 'wellbeing', 'identifying', 'deterioration', 'liaise', 'external', 'agencies', 'order', 'prevent', 'deterioration', 'effectively', 'alongside', 'stakeholders', 'external', 'professionals', 'communicate', 'wider', 'ensuring', 'level', 'su', 'assist', 'arrangements', 'attend', 'variety', 'meetings', 'limited', 'cpa', 'monthly', 'reviews', 'monthly', 'reports', 'issued', 'commissions', 'order', 'su', 'progress', 'motivate', 'su', 'fully', 'weekly', 'activity', 'plan', 'initiative', 'problem', 'solving', 'assist', 'crisis', 'intervention', 'focus', 'quality', 'maintain', 'cpd', 'produce', 'request', 'access', 'offer', 'supervisions', 'call', 'rota', 'health', 'safety', 'post', 'holder', 'duty', 'health', 'safety', 'act', 'reasonable', 'health', 'safety', 'persons', 'affected', 'acts', 'cooperate', 'employer', 'compliance', 'health', 'safety', 'legislation', 'health', 'safety', 'policies', 'procedures', 'treatment', 'centre', 'misuse', 'provided', 'interests', 'health', 'safety', 'welfare', 'pursuance', 'relevant', 'statutory', 'provisions', 'data', 'provisions', 'post', 'holder', 'times', 'respect', 'confidentiality', 'information', 'line', 'requirements', 'data', 'protection', 'act', 'includes', 'obtain', 'process', 'information', 'held', 'computer', 'fair', 'hold', 'data', 'registered', 'purposes', 'data', 'authorized', 'persons', 'organisations', 'instructed', 'list', 'duties', 'responsibilities', 'exhaustive', 'post', 'holder', 'post', 'holder', 'undertake', 'relevant', 'duties', 'description', 'subject', 'regular', 'review', 'modification', 'person', 'specification', 'registered', 'mental', 'health', 'nurse', 'criteria', 'essential', 'desirable', 'qualifications', 'rmn', 'registered', 'nmc', 'evidence', 'updating', 'practice', 'continued', 'professional', 'undertake', 'education', 'courses', 'relevant', 'area', 'practice', 'evidence', 'education', 'minimum', 'years', 'post', 'registration', 'assess', 'plan', 'implement', 'evaluate', 'develop', 'therapeutic', 'relationship', 'managing', 'caseload', 'range', 'post', 'registration', 'mental', 'health', 'settings', 'people', 'variety', 'cultural', 'backgrounds', 'understanding', 'safe', 'effective', 'hospital', 'understanding', 'mental', 'health', 'act', 'registered', 'mental', 'nurse', 'location', 'depending', 'hours', 'hrs', 'week', 'call', 'duties', 'rota', 'length', 'contract', 'time', 'permanent', 'leave', 'public', 'bank', 'holidays', 'pro', 'rata', 'part', 'time', 'pension', 'stakeholder', 'uniform']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: IT Software Sales (Microsoft) Epsom  ****k****k  OTE
Webindex: 72673887
Company: Penguin Recruitment
Description: IT Software Sales (Microsoft) Epsom 25k****k  Uncapped OTE Are you looking for a new role in IT Software Sales? Do you want to work for one of the most dynamic and successful providers of IT Solutions with some of the biggest companies (customers) on a global basis? If so I have the perfect opportunity for you My client is a multibillion pound turnover organisation, with an ethos of going above and beyond client expectations. With a reputation which is going from strength to strength, continued growth and success mean that they have a number of opportunities within their award winning Software Sales Team. Working externally and internally you will look after a defined list of accounts developing and strengthen relationships, closing deals and also sourcing new business opportunities. A full 360 degree sales role this opportunity represents: variety, complete job satisfaction and growth opportunities. Successful Software Sales Executives will have an in depth knowledge of Microsoft Licensing and ideally have MCP accreditations, experience of SAM would also be beneficial. As the role is client facing, prior field sales experience is a must alongside excellent communication skills. For more information on this vacancy and others in IT Sales, please call Nishan Dey on **** **** **** for an informal chat or alternatively email; nishan.deypenguinrecruitment.co.uk Penguin is a recruitment consultancy and this is a permanent position Keywords  Sales Executive, MCP, Account Executive, Field Sales, IT Sales, Account Manager, Sales consultant, IT Reseller, Senior Account Manager, Sales Director, MLSE, MLSS Commutable Locations  London, Bromley, Croydon, Ilford, Enfield, Romford, Harrow, Wembley, Southall, Clapham, Ealing, Borehamwood, Richmond This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/ITSoftwareSalesMicrosoftEpsom25k****kOTE_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00659.txt " IT Software Sales (Microsoft) Epsom  ****k****k  OTE" " 72673887" " Penguin Recruitment" " IT Software Sales (Microsoft) Epsom 25k****k  Uncapped OTE Are you looking for a new role in IT Software Sales? Do you want to work for one of the most dynamic and successful providers of IT Solutions with some of the biggest companies (customers) on a global basis? If so I have the perfect opportunity for you My client is a multibillion pound turnover organisation, with an ethos of going above and beyond client expectations. With a reputation which is going from strength to strength, continued growth and success mean that they have a number of opportunities within their award winning Software Sales Team. Working externally and internally you will look after a defined list of accounts developing and strengthen relationships, closing deals and also sourcing new business opportunities. A full 360 degree sales role this opportunity represents: variety, complete job satisfaction and growth opportunities. Successful Software Sales Executives will have an in depth knowledge of Microsoft Licensing and ideally have MCP accreditations, experience of SAM would also be beneficial. As the role is client facing, prior field sales experience is a must alongside excellent communication skills. For more information on this vacancy and others in IT Sales, please call Nishan Dey on **** **** **** for an informal chat or alternatively email; nishan.deypenguinrecruitment.co.uk Penguin is a recruitment consultancy and this is a permanent position Keywords  Sales Executive, MCP, Account Executive, Field Sales, IT Sales, Account Manager, Sales consultant, IT Reseller, Senior Account Manager, Sales Director, MLSE, MLSS Commutable Locations  London, Bromley, Croydon, Ilford, Enfield, Romford, Harrow, Wembley, Southall, Clapham, Ealing, Borehamwood, Richmond This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/ITSoftwareSalesMicrosoftEpsom25k****kOTE_job****" "['software', 'microsoft', 'epsom', 'uncapped', 'ote', 'software', 'dynamic', 'providers', 'solutions', 'biggest', 'companies', 'customers', 'global', 'basis', 'perfect', 'pound', 'turnover', 'organisation', 'ethos', 'expectations', 'reputation', 'strength', 'strength', 'continued', 'growth', 'success', 'number', 'opportunities', 'award', 'winning', 'software', 'externally', 'internally', 'defined', 'list', 'accounts', 'developing', 'strengthen', 'relationships', 'closing', 'deals', 'sourcing', 'opportunities', 'degree', 'represents', 'variety', 'complete', 'satisfaction', 'growth', 'opportunities', 'software', 'executives', 'depth', 'microsoft', 'licensing', 'ideally', 'mcp', 'sam', 'beneficial', 'facing', 'prior', 'field', 'alongside', 'communication', 'information', 'vacancy', 'call', 'nishan', 'informal', 'chat', 'alternatively', 'email', 'nishan', 'penguin', 'consultancy', 'permanent', 'keywords', 'executive', 'mcp', 'account', 'executive', 'field', 'account', 'consultant', 'reseller', 'senior', 'account', 'director', 'commutable', 'locations', 'london', 'bromley', 'croydon', 'enfield', 'romford', 'harrow', 'southall', 'ealing', 'richmond', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'salestarget', 'jobseeking', 'kote']" Sales
"Title: IFA Client Support
Webindex: 69803404
Company: Randstad
Description: Our client is a leading impartial financial services provider. They are currently recruiting for a IFA Client Support based at offices in Manchester. This is an exciting new opportunity in which you will benefit from an attractive role, benefits package and on going career progression. Job Responsibilities: As an IFA Client Support, you will be responsible for:  Providing full administration support to senior consultants  Administering Investments and Pensions for individual clients and Corporate clients  Liaising with colleagues, clients and product providers  Obtaining illustrations  Maintaining client records on database  Managing all correspondence in terms of emails, letters and phone calls Preferred Skills:  Must have previous experience within a financial administration role, ideally within a IFA business  Must have a proven track record of providing excellent customer service.  Must demonstrate excellent IT skills in Word, Excel, Outlook and PowerPoint Certificates in Financial Planning preferred Personal Attributes:  Have passion, dedication and enthusiasm  Excellent communication skills, displaying diplomacy, tact and confidentially.  Highly organised and able to prioritise tasks.  Displays a positive attitude and willingness to learn.  A highly resilient attitude, with the ability to perform under pressure Associated Benefits:  Excellent performance related bonus  Contributory Pension  Life Assurance  Private Medical Insurance  23 days holiday Normal working week is **** hours. Normally 9am 5pm but can be flexible. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/IFAClientSupport_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00395.txt " IFA Client Support" " 69803404" " Randstad" " Our client is a leading impartial financial services provider. They are currently recruiting for a IFA Client Support based at offices in Manchester. This is an exciting new opportunity in which you will benefit from an attractive role, benefits package and on going career progression. Job Responsibilities: As an IFA Client Support, you will be responsible for:  Providing full administration support to senior consultants  Administering Investments and Pensions for individual clients and Corporate clients  Liaising with colleagues, clients and product providers  Obtaining illustrations  Maintaining client records on database  Managing all correspondence in terms of emails, letters and phone calls Preferred Skills:  Must have previous experience within a financial administration role, ideally within a IFA business  Must have a proven track record of providing excellent customer service.  Must demonstrate excellent IT skills in Word, Excel, Outlook and PowerPoint Certificates in Financial Planning preferred Personal Attributes:  Have passion, dedication and enthusiasm  Excellent communication skills, displaying diplomacy, tact and confidentially.  Highly organised and able to prioritise tasks.  Displays a positive attitude and willingness to learn.  A highly resilient attitude, with the ability to perform under pressure Associated Benefits:  Excellent performance related bonus  Contributory Pension  Life Assurance  Private Medical Insurance  23 days holiday Normal working week is **** hours. Normally 9am 5pm but can be flexible. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/IFAClientSupport_job****" "['impartial', 'provider', 'recruiting', 'ifa', 'offices', 'manchester', 'exciting', 'benefit', 'attractive', 'benefits', 'package', 'career', 'progression', 'responsibilities', 'ifa', 'responsible', 'providing', 'administration', 'senior', 'consultants', 'administering', 'investments', 'pensions', 'individual', 'corporate', 'liaising', 'colleagues', 'product', 'providers', 'obtaining', 'maintaining', 'records', 'database', 'managing', 'correspondence', 'terms', 'emails', 'letters', 'phone', 'calls', 'preferred', 'previous', 'administration', 'ideally', 'ifa', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'providing', 'demonstrate', 'word', 'excel', 'outlook', 'powerpoint', 'certificates', 'planning', 'preferred', 'personal', 'attributes', 'passion', 'dedication', 'enthusiasm', 'communication', 'displaying', 'diplomacy', 'tact', 'highly', 'organised', 'prioritise', 'tasks', 'positive', 'attitude', 'willingness', 'learn', 'highly', 'resilient', 'attitude', 'perform', 'pressure', 'benefits', 'performance', 'related', 'bonus', 'contributory', 'pension', 'life', 'assurance', 'private', 'medical', 'insurance', 'days', 'holiday', 'normal', 'week', 'hours', 'pm', 'flexible', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Independent Financial Advisers
Webindex: 67174811
Company: Sterling McCall Wealth Management LLP
Description: The Grass Really Could Be Greener? Are You Ready to Find Out? Exciting Opportunities for Self Employed Independent Financial Advisers Location : M1 and M6 Corridors. London Salary: Unlimited Earnings Potential. Average Adviser Earnings in Excess of pound;****k Sterling McCall Wealth Management LLP is a partnership of forward thinking advisers who benefit from access to investment solutions developed to meet the challenges of today and tomorrow. With full compliance and administrative support provided from our offices in Kegworth, Derbyshire, the members have built their own individual success stories. Our rapid growth has been driven by advisers and businesses being attracted to our proposition and the support that is provided to make it happen. We are now one of the largest privately owned IFA companies in the UK. We are now looking to recruit experienced Independent Financial Advisers for positions along the M1 and M6 corridors and in and around London. Successful applicants will benefit from:  nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Having a vested interest in the success they build  nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Access to cost effective discretionary solutions  nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Efficient financial control  nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Generous rates  nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Leads and marketing  nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; An active service proposition  nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Full training and CPD support Visit our website to find out more about us at www.sterlingmccall.co.uk and initially click the apply button to send your CV" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00356.txt " Independent Financial Advisers" " 67174811" " Sterling McCall Wealth Management LLP" " The Grass Really Could Be Greener? Are You Ready to Find Out? Exciting Opportunities for Self Employed Independent Financial Advisers Location : M1 and M6 Corridors. London Salary: Unlimited Earnings Potential. Average Adviser Earnings in Excess of pound;****k Sterling McCall Wealth Management LLP is a partnership of forward thinking advisers who benefit from access to investment solutions developed to meet the challenges of today and tomorrow. With full compliance and administrative support provided from our offices in Kegworth, Derbyshire, the members have built their own individual success stories. Our rapid growth has been driven by advisers and businesses being attracted to our proposition and the support that is provided to make it happen. We are now one of the largest privately owned IFA companies in the UK. We are now looking to recruit experienced Independent Financial Advisers for positions along the M1 and M6 corridors and in and around London. Successful applicants will benefit from:  nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Having a vested interest in the success they build  nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Access to cost effective discretionary solutions  nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Efficient financial control  nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Generous rates  nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Leads and marketing  nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; An active service proposition  nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Full training and CPD support Visit our website to find out more about us at www.sterlingmccall.co.uk and initially click the apply button to send your CV" "['ready', 'find', 'exciting', 'opportunities', 'employed', 'independent', 'advisers', 'location', 'corridors', 'london', 'unlimited', 'earnings', 'potential', 'average', 'adviser', 'earnings', 'excess', 'pound', 'wealth', 'llp', 'partnership', 'forward', 'thinking', 'advisers', 'benefit', 'access', 'investment', 'solutions', 'developed', 'meet', 'challenges', 'today', 'tomorrow', 'compliance', 'administrative', 'provided', 'offices', 'derbyshire', 'members', 'built', 'individual', 'success', 'stories', 'rapid', 'growth', 'driven', 'advisers', 'businesses', 'proposition', 'provided', 'make', 'happen', 'largest', 'privately', 'owned', 'ifa', 'companies', 'recruit', 'experienced', 'independent', 'advisers', 'positions', 'corridors', 'london', 'applicants', 'benefit', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'interest', 'success', 'build', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'access', 'cost', 'effective', 'solutions', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'efficient', 'control', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'generous', 'rates', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'leads', 'marketing', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'active', 'proposition', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'cpd', 'visit', 'website', 'find', 'www', 'initially', 'click', 'button', 'send', 'cv']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Junior Corporate FX Sales (x****)  immediate start
Webindex: 68538230
Company: City Wharf Financial Recruitment Ltd
Description: This role provides an incredible opportunity for an experienced FX sales person to further their career in sales and join an expanding company. The successful candidate would join the corporate sales team in London to qualify new leads by conducting introductory consultation calls with prospective clients. This role has been created to assist the senior sales/dealing team in closing the deals and expanding our client base further. It is a crucial role and a rare opportunity to join a young, innovative and extremely successful new company. This is a highly rewarding position for the right candidates and an excellent career opportunity. The Candidate will: &bull Possess an excellent telephone manner &bull Possess telesales or cold calling experience within FX 612months &bull Be, incredibly driven, passionate and charismatic Remuneration package: ****k****k DOE &bull There is the potential for the candidate to progress within the company, dependent on his./her performance. First years OTE is a realistic ****k If you are the type of person that isn&rsquot intimidated by anything and loves being thrown in at the deep end, this is your opportunity and we want to hear from you &nbsp" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00386.txt " Junior Corporate FX Sales (x****)  immediate start" " 68538230" " City Wharf Financial Recruitment Ltd" " This role provides an incredible opportunity for an experienced FX sales person to further their career in sales and join an expanding company. The successful candidate would join the corporate sales team in London to qualify new leads by conducting introductory consultation calls with prospective clients. This role has been created to assist the senior sales/dealing team in closing the deals and expanding our client base further. It is a crucial role and a rare opportunity to join a young, innovative and extremely successful new company. This is a highly rewarding position for the right candidates and an excellent career opportunity. The Candidate will: &bull Possess an excellent telephone manner &bull Possess telesales or cold calling experience within FX 612months &bull Be, incredibly driven, passionate and charismatic Remuneration package: ****k****k DOE &bull There is the potential for the candidate to progress within the company, dependent on his./her performance. First years OTE is a realistic ****k If you are the type of person that isn&rsquot intimidated by anything and loves being thrown in at the deep end, this is your opportunity and we want to hear from you &nbsp" "['incredible', 'experienced', 'fx', 'person', 'career', 'expanding', 'corporate', 'london', 'qualify', 'leads', 'conducting', 'introductory', 'consultation', 'calls', 'prospective', 'created', 'assist', 'senior', 'dealing', 'closing', 'deals', 'expanding', 'base', 'crucial', 'rare', 'young', 'innovative', 'extremely', 'highly', 'rewarding', 'candidates', 'career', 'bull', 'possess', 'telephone', 'manner', 'bull', 'possess', 'telesales', 'cold', 'calling', 'fx', 'months', 'bull', 'incredibly', 'driven', 'passionate', 'charismatic', 'remuneration', 'package', 'doe', 'bull', 'potential', 'progress', 'dependent', 'performance', 'years', 'ote', 'realistic', 'type', 'person', 'isn', 'loves', 'deep', 'end', 'hear', 'nbsp']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Project Manager (Glass Partitioning Projects)
Webindex: 71196096
Company: Calco Services Limited
Description: An established partitioning and drywalling company are currently seeking a Project Manager, to join their team based from their Buckinghamshire Head Office. The Project Manager will oversee glass partitioning projects across London and the south east of the country, assisting in the running of works across a range of sectors, for a number of blue chip organisations. The Project Manager will guide the site teams on works, ultimately ensuring all projects are completed to the required high standards, to budget, within the financial guidelines. To be considered for this role, it is essential the Project Manager has extensive experience in the partitioning / drywall field, and has proven ability to lead a team of site staff in the completion of highend works. It is important that this experience has been gained with recognised companies in this sector, and can be shown alongside a solid career path. Calco apologise that we cannot respond to all applicants personally and only those who match the criteria of the client will be contacted. Calco Services operates as both an employment business and agency. If your application is for a position based in the UK or EU, under European Employment Law you MUST be eligible to live and work there." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00146.txt " Project Manager (Glass Partitioning Projects)" " 71196096" " Calco Services Limited" " An established partitioning and drywalling company are currently seeking a Project Manager, to join their team based from their Buckinghamshire Head Office. The Project Manager will oversee glass partitioning projects across London and the south east of the country, assisting in the running of works across a range of sectors, for a number of blue chip organisations. The Project Manager will guide the site teams on works, ultimately ensuring all projects are completed to the required high standards, to budget, within the financial guidelines. To be considered for this role, it is essential the Project Manager has extensive experience in the partitioning / drywall field, and has proven ability to lead a team of site staff in the completion of highend works. It is important that this experience has been gained with recognised companies in this sector, and can be shown alongside a solid career path. Calco apologise that we cannot respond to all applicants personally and only those who match the criteria of the client will be contacted. Calco Services operates as both an employment business and agency. If your application is for a position based in the UK or EU, under European Employment Law you MUST be eligible to live and work there." "['established', 'partitioning', 'seeking', 'project', 'buckinghamshire', 'head', 'office', 'project', 'oversee', 'partitioning', 'projects', 'london', 'south', 'east', 'country', 'assisting', 'running', 'works', 'range', 'sectors', 'number', 'blue', 'chip', 'organisations', 'project', 'guide', 'site', 'teams', 'works', 'ultimately', 'ensuring', 'projects', 'completed', 'standards', 'budget', 'guidelines', 'considered', 'essential', 'project', 'extensive', 'partitioning', 'field', 'proven', 'lead', 'site', 'completion', 'highend', 'works', 'important', 'gained', 'recognised', 'companies', 'sector', 'shown', 'alongside', 'solid', 'career', 'path', 'calco', 'respond', 'applicants', 'personally', 'match', 'criteria', 'contacted', 'calco', 'operates', 'employment', 'agency', 'application', 'eu', 'european', 'employment', 'law', 'eligible', 'live']" Engineering
"Title: Margin Analyst
Webindex: 67098684
Company: EDF
Description: At EDF Energy we generate and sell electricity and gas to over 5.5 million residential and business customers, and are the largest supplier of electricity by volume. Our Commercial team within B****C (Business to Customer) is responsible for Gross Margin delivery and growth in profitability over the medium term. This role is part of the Margin Management team that are responsible for ensuring that we define achievable stretching targets, tightly manage our position and make the right decisions that lead to greater profitability, whilst ensuring that we are fully compliant with all regulations. About the role Based in Hove, you will take responsibility for Margin Management tasks and deliverables including contributing to the delivery of the inyear target through tight forecasting and control of financial and nonfinancial data to provide the leadership team with a robust view of the projected outturn. You’ll also work with the Finance team to provide regular and adhoc reports and analysis that provide a clear view of past and future performance. In addition, you’ll work with other teams from across the business to fully understand risks, opportunities and their drivers in order to determine the range of possible outcomes for B****C. You will contribute to the process that determines options for closing any profit, or nonfinancial, gap, understanding and validate segmented Gross Margin reporting. You will also work with the Energy Field Sales and Marketing teams, providing information that directly influences pricing, marketing and acquisition plans as well as supporting the competitor analysts in Margin Management and other parts of EDF Energy by providing analysis of competitor issues, revenues, costs and profitability as required About you In order to rise to the challenge you will have a professional finance qualification and be educated to degree standard or be able to demonstrate the ability to the same level delivered in a working environment. You will have experience in a high profile analytical commercial role with experience of revenue and cost analysis/control and interpretation of complex data. You will have excellent communication skills with ability to engage and influence colleagues at all levels, adapting your approach accordingly. You will also have the ability to challenge the way things are done looking at ways to optimise improvements to the business. Knowledge of the regulatory requirements within the retail energy industry is advantageous, however not essential. About EDF Energy A whollyowned subsidiary of the EDF Group, itself one of Europe's largest energy groups, EDF Energy is one of the UK’s largest energy companies and its largest producer of lowcarbon electricity. What really sets us apart, however, is our fresh approach to the industry. Everything we do is underpinned by a clear customer focus and a drive towards a sustainable future. Because it’s these two factors, we believe, that will define the UK energy industry for generations to come. To apply Click on the ‘apply’ button to find out more and apply online" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00291.txt " Margin Analyst" " 67098684" " EDF" " At EDF Energy we generate and sell electricity and gas to over 5.5 million residential and business customers, and are the largest supplier of electricity by volume. Our Commercial team within B****C (Business to Customer) is responsible for Gross Margin delivery and growth in profitability over the medium term. This role is part of the Margin Management team that are responsible for ensuring that we define achievable stretching targets, tightly manage our position and make the right decisions that lead to greater profitability, whilst ensuring that we are fully compliant with all regulations. About the role Based in Hove, you will take responsibility for Margin Management tasks and deliverables including contributing to the delivery of the inyear target through tight forecasting and control of financial and nonfinancial data to provide the leadership team with a robust view of the projected outturn. You’ll also work with the Finance team to provide regular and adhoc reports and analysis that provide a clear view of past and future performance. In addition, you’ll work with other teams from across the business to fully understand risks, opportunities and their drivers in order to determine the range of possible outcomes for B****C. You will contribute to the process that determines options for closing any profit, or nonfinancial, gap, understanding and validate segmented Gross Margin reporting. You will also work with the Energy Field Sales and Marketing teams, providing information that directly influences pricing, marketing and acquisition plans as well as supporting the competitor analysts in Margin Management and other parts of EDF Energy by providing analysis of competitor issues, revenues, costs and profitability as required About you In order to rise to the challenge you will have a professional finance qualification and be educated to degree standard or be able to demonstrate the ability to the same level delivered in a working environment. You will have experience in a high profile analytical commercial role with experience of revenue and cost analysis/control and interpretation of complex data. You will have excellent communication skills with ability to engage and influence colleagues at all levels, adapting your approach accordingly. You will also have the ability to challenge the way things are done looking at ways to optimise improvements to the business. Knowledge of the regulatory requirements within the retail energy industry is advantageous, however not essential. About EDF Energy A whollyowned subsidiary of the EDF Group, itself one of Europe's largest energy groups, EDF Energy is one of the UK’s largest energy companies and its largest producer of lowcarbon electricity. What really sets us apart, however, is our fresh approach to the industry. Everything we do is underpinned by a clear customer focus and a drive towards a sustainable future. Because it’s these two factors, we believe, that will define the UK energy industry for generations to come. To apply Click on the ‘apply’ button to find out more and apply online" "['edf', 'energy', 'generate', 'sell', 'electricity', 'gas', 'million', 'residential', 'customers', 'largest', 'supplier', 'electricity', 'volume', 'commercial', 'responsible', 'gross', 'margin', 'delivery', 'growth', 'profitability', 'medium', 'term', 'part', 'margin', 'responsible', 'ensuring', 'define', 'achievable', 'stretching', 'targets', 'tightly', 'manage', 'make', 'decisions', 'lead', 'greater', 'profitability', 'whilst', 'ensuring', 'fully', 'compliant', 'regulations', 'hove', 'responsibility', 'margin', 'tasks', 'deliverables', 'contributing', 'delivery', 'target', 'tight', 'forecasting', 'control', 'nonfinancial', 'data', 'leadership', 'robust', 'view', 'projected', 'll', 'finance', 'regular', 'adhoc', 'reports', 'analysis', 'clear', 'view', 'past', 'future', 'performance', 'addition', 'll', 'teams', 'fully', 'understand', 'risks', 'opportunities', 'drivers', 'order', 'determine', 'range', 'outcomes', 'contribute', 'process', 'options', 'closing', 'profit', 'nonfinancial', 'gap', 'understanding', 'validate', 'gross', 'margin', 'reporting', 'energy', 'field', 'marketing', 'teams', 'providing', 'information', 'directly', 'influences', 'pricing', 'marketing', 'acquisition', 'plans', 'supporting', 'competitor', 'analysts', 'margin', 'parts', 'edf', 'energy', 'providing', 'analysis', 'competitor', 'issues', 'revenues', 'costs', 'profitability', 'order', 'rise', 'challenge', 'professional', 'finance', 'qualification', 'educated', 'degree', 'standard', 'demonstrate', 'level', 'delivered', 'environment', 'profile', 'analytical', 'commercial', 'revenue', 'cost', 'analysis', 'control', 'interpretation', 'complex', 'data', 'communication', 'engage', 'influence', 'colleagues', 'levels', 'approach', 'challenge', 'things', 'ways', 'optimise', 'improvements', 'regulatory', 'requirements', 'retail', 'energy', 'industry', 'advantageous', 'essential', 'edf', 'energy', 'subsidiary', 'edf', 'group', 'largest', 'energy', 'groups', 'edf', 'energy', 'largest', 'energy', 'companies', 'largest', 'electricity', 'sets', 'fresh', 'approach', 'industry', 'clear', 'focus', 'drive', 'sustainable', 'future', 'factors', 'define', 'energy', 'industry', 'click', 'button', 'find', 'online']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Estates Officer
Webindex: 72342085
Company: Finegreen Associates
Description: My client, a leading NHS Organisation in Wales has a requirement for an Estates Officer with Medical Gases experience to cover outstanding maintenance requirements throughout the Trust. Main Responsibilities: Candidate must have:  Recent experience of Hard Facilities Management in NHS and be fully conversant with current standards (NTMs etc) and compliance requirements.  Experience of successfully managing an estates team in a busy hospital.  Proven ability to deliver compliance  A team worker. For more information please contact Brian Johnston on **** **** **** To apply please send an email to brian.johnstonfinegreen.co.uk containing the job reference and your latest CV, with notes on your availability, and a cover note explaining why you are a suitable candidate for the role." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00504.txt " Estates Officer" " 72342085" " Finegreen Associates" " My client, a leading NHS Organisation in Wales has a requirement for an Estates Officer with Medical Gases experience to cover outstanding maintenance requirements throughout the Trust. Main Responsibilities: Candidate must have:  Recent experience of Hard Facilities Management in NHS and be fully conversant with current standards (NTMs etc) and compliance requirements.  Experience of successfully managing an estates team in a busy hospital.  Proven ability to deliver compliance  A team worker. For more information please contact Brian Johnston on **** **** **** To apply please send an email to brian.johnstonfinegreen.co.uk containing the job reference and your latest CV, with notes on your availability, and a cover note explaining why you are a suitable candidate for the role." "['nhs', 'organisation', 'wales', 'requirement', 'estates', 'officer', 'medical', 'cover', 'outstanding', 'maintenance', 'requirements', 'trust', 'main', 'responsibilities', 'recent', 'hard', 'facilities', 'nhs', 'fully', 'conversant', 'current', 'standards', 'compliance', 'requirements', 'successfully', 'managing', 'estates', 'busy', 'hospital', 'proven', 'deliver', 'compliance', 'worker', 'information', 'contact', 'brian', 'johnston', 'send', 'email', 'brian', 'reference', 'latest', 'cv', 'notes', 'availability', 'cover', 'note', 'explaining', 'suitable']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Electrical Engineers / Mechanical Engineers
Webindex: 68824328
Company: CV WOW
Description: Our client are an international company specializing in the design, manufacture and installation of complex multiaxis machines and automated tooling for the aircraft industry. They are one of the largest systems integrators of aircraft assembly solutions and they have a significant customer base of major airframe constructors across the globe. With a strong history of engineers that build what they create; they look for people with the aptitude to design on the screen and apply in the field. They strive to hire the best people; remove barriers between them and their customer, and empower them with the tools to do their job. Working in an environment in which good engineering is more important than profit, they encourage their engineers to question existing designs, identify improvements and to come up with new innovative concepts and solutions. The Role We are looking for Graduate and Experienced engineers to work within the Airbus Manufacturing facility at Broughton, near Chester. Our team provides on site engineering support for all of our bespoke CNC machines, fixtures and sub assemblies and this is much more than a fix it if it broken position. Primary Responsibilities will include, but not be limited to:  Ensuring uninterrupted wing assembly production  Faultfinding Diagnostic testing  Continuous improvement The Candidate We look for individuals who prefer to be involved in all aspects of a project and product lifecycle, from system conceptualisation to inservice application. You should be highly motivated, determined individuals who enjoy a challenge and are keen to get involved in all aspects of engineering Successful applicants will be degree qualified in Mechanical, Electrical or Aeronautical Engineering and emphasis will be placed on practical adeptness and logical problem solving. Applications are welcome from both recent graduates and experienced engineers. Your ideas for optimising a design can quickly become a reality and directly contribute to improving machine reliability. Job Title: Electrical Engineers / Mechanical Engineers Job Location: Broughton, Chester, North West Salary: ****K  ****K Pa basic (****  ****K pa with shift allowance) No terminology in the advert you have seen is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, race, colour, religion, disability or sexual orientation, and we will gladly accept applications from all sections of the community. You should receive a form of response within 28 days of applying. By applying for a vacancy through Kudos People Ltd you will automatically be allocated with a unique username and password to our award winning recruitment company. To take full advantage register your details in full and access thousands of vacancies. Should you not wish to complete your registration please email branded.a****lgapiuenpcvwow.aptrack.co" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00114.txt " Electrical Engineers / Mechanical Engineers" " 68824328" " CV WOW" " Our client are an international company specializing in the design, manufacture and installation of complex multiaxis machines and automated tooling for the aircraft industry. They are one of the largest systems integrators of aircraft assembly solutions and they have a significant customer base of major airframe constructors across the globe. With a strong history of engineers that build what they create; they look for people with the aptitude to design on the screen and apply in the field. They strive to hire the best people; remove barriers between them and their customer, and empower them with the tools to do their job. Working in an environment in which good engineering is more important than profit, they encourage their engineers to question existing designs, identify improvements and to come up with new innovative concepts and solutions. The Role We are looking for Graduate and Experienced engineers to work within the Airbus Manufacturing facility at Broughton, near Chester. Our team provides on site engineering support for all of our bespoke CNC machines, fixtures and sub assemblies and this is much more than a fix it if it broken position. Primary Responsibilities will include, but not be limited to:  Ensuring uninterrupted wing assembly production  Faultfinding Diagnostic testing  Continuous improvement The Candidate We look for individuals who prefer to be involved in all aspects of a project and product lifecycle, from system conceptualisation to inservice application. You should be highly motivated, determined individuals who enjoy a challenge and are keen to get involved in all aspects of engineering Successful applicants will be degree qualified in Mechanical, Electrical or Aeronautical Engineering and emphasis will be placed on practical adeptness and logical problem solving. Applications are welcome from both recent graduates and experienced engineers. Your ideas for optimising a design can quickly become a reality and directly contribute to improving machine reliability. Job Title: Electrical Engineers / Mechanical Engineers Job Location: Broughton, Chester, North West Salary: ****K  ****K Pa basic (****  ****K pa with shift allowance) No terminology in the advert you have seen is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, race, colour, religion, disability or sexual orientation, and we will gladly accept applications from all sections of the community. You should receive a form of response within 28 days of applying. By applying for a vacancy through Kudos People Ltd you will automatically be allocated with a unique username and password to our award winning recruitment company. To take full advantage register your details in full and access thousands of vacancies. Should you not wish to complete your registration please email branded.a****lgapiuenpcvwow.aptrack.co" "['international', 'specializing', 'manufacture', 'installation', 'complex', 'machines', 'automated', 'tooling', 'aircraft', 'industry', 'largest', 'integrators', 'aircraft', 'assembly', 'solutions', 'significant', 'base', 'major', 'globe', 'history', 'engineers', 'build', 'create', 'people', 'aptitude', 'screen', 'field', 'strive', 'hire', 'people', 'empower', 'tools', 'environment', 'important', 'profit', 'encourage', 'engineers', 'question', 'existing', 'designs', 'identify', 'improvements', 'innovative', 'concepts', 'solutions', 'graduate', 'experienced', 'engineers', 'manufacturing', 'facility', 'broughton', 'chester', 'site', 'bespoke', 'cnc', 'machines', 'fixtures', 'assemblies', 'fix', 'broken', 'primary', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'limited', 'ensuring', 'assembly', 'production', 'faultfinding', 'diagnostic', 'testing', 'continuous', 'improvement', 'individuals', 'involved', 'aspects', 'project', 'product', 'lifecycle', 'system', 'inservice', 'application', 'highly', 'motivated', 'determined', 'individuals', 'enjoy', 'challenge', 'keen', 'involved', 'aspects', 'applicants', 'degree', 'qualified', 'mechanical', 'electrical', 'aeronautical', 'emphasis', 'practical', 'logical', 'problem', 'solving', 'applications', 'recent', 'graduates', 'experienced', 'engineers', 'ideas', 'optimising', 'quickly', 'directly', 'contribute', 'improving', 'machine', 'reliability', 'title', 'electrical', 'engineers', 'mechanical', 'engineers', 'location', 'broughton', 'chester', 'north', 'west', 'pa', 'basic', 'pa', 'shift', 'allowance', 'terminology', 'advert', 'intended', 'discriminate', 'grounds', 'age', 'gender', 'race', 'colour', 'religion', 'disability', 'sexual', 'orientation', 'accept', 'applications', 'sections', 'community', 'receive', 'form', 'response', 'days', 'applying', 'applying', 'vacancy', 'people', 'automatically', 'allocated', 'unique', 'award', 'winning', 'advantage', 'register', 'details', 'access', 'thousands', 'vacancies', 'complete', 'registration', 'email', 'branded', 'aptrack']" Engineering
"Title: Business Account Manger  Asda
Webindex: 69687048
Company: Nigel Wright Ltd   UK Consumer Operations
Description: My client are an industry respected specialist in their specialist Consumer Durables sector, with products recognised for being ahead of the competition as innovators in the marketplace. Following the most successful year of sales in over 100 years of trading, there is a requirement for a Business Account Manager to take ownership of their Asda account based in Leeds Your role will be mixed between a Yorkshire company HQ, Asda Head Office in Leeds and home based. You will be responsible for developing long term relationships with buyers and Merchandisers at client site, where product and own retailer experience is essential. Additionally you will be working with inhouse marketing and sales teams as you take responsibility for product launches, budget control and forecasting. This role will also offer exposure to seasonal category range reviews and strategic pricing control. In the long term you will have opportunities to take ownership of other grocers e.g. Morrisons / Tesco / Sainsbury s, and even progress to a Controller role looking after a team of between **** and 8. My reputable client are seeking a committed Account Manager with retailer branded experience working with any of the major grocery multiples. Whilst industry experience is nonspecific, anyone from a Consumer Durables or even FMCG should apply if they are in search of a new challenge. You must be prepared to get your hands dirty and take a high level of responsibility in what is already a tight knit and successful team." 3 data/Sales\Job_00725.txt " Business Account Manger  Asda" " 69687048" " Nigel Wright Ltd   UK Consumer Operations" " My client are an industry respected specialist in their specialist Consumer Durables sector, with products recognised for being ahead of the competition as innovators in the marketplace. Following the most successful year of sales in over 100 years of trading, there is a requirement for a Business Account Manager to take ownership of their Asda account based in Leeds Your role will be mixed between a Yorkshire company HQ, Asda Head Office in Leeds and home based. You will be responsible for developing long term relationships with buyers and Merchandisers at client site, where product and own retailer experience is essential. Additionally you will be working with inhouse marketing and sales teams as you take responsibility for product launches, budget control and forecasting. This role will also offer exposure to seasonal category range reviews and strategic pricing control. In the long term you will have opportunities to take ownership of other grocers e.g. Morrisons / Tesco / Sainsbury s, and even progress to a Controller role looking after a team of between **** and 8. My reputable client are seeking a committed Account Manager with retailer branded experience working with any of the major grocery multiples. Whilst industry experience is nonspecific, anyone from a Consumer Durables or even FMCG should apply if they are in search of a new challenge. You must be prepared to get your hands dirty and take a high level of responsibility in what is already a tight knit and successful team." "['industry', 'respected', 'specialist', 'specialist', 'consumer', 'durables', 'sector', 'products', 'recognised', 'ahead', 'competition', 'marketplace', 'year', 'years', 'trading', 'requirement', 'account', 'ownership', 'asda', 'account', 'leeds', 'mixed', 'yorkshire', 'hq', 'asda', 'head', 'office', 'leeds', 'responsible', 'developing', 'long', 'term', 'relationships', 'buyers', 'site', 'product', 'retailer', 'essential', 'additionally', 'inhouse', 'marketing', 'teams', 'responsibility', 'product', 'budget', 'control', 'forecasting', 'offer', 'exposure', 'seasonal', 'range', 'reviews', 'strategic', 'pricing', 'control', 'long', 'term', 'opportunities', 'ownership', 'morrisons', 'tesco', 'progress', 'controller', 'reputable', 'seeking', 'committed', 'account', 'retailer', 'branded', 'major', 'grocery', 'multiples', 'whilst', 'industry', 'consumer', 'durables', 'fmcg', 'search', 'challenge', 'prepared', 'hands', 'level', 'responsibility', 'tight', 'knit']" Sales
"Title: Healthcare Assistant (HCA)  Band 2 Southport and Formby  Southport
Webindex: 71094924
Company: Medacs Healthcare
Description: Medacs Healthcare a UK Leading Nurse Agency are currently looking for experienced care assistants to work in various locations across Lancashire. Due to recent contract wins we are now recruiting for HCA Band 2 to work in Southport and Formby District General Hospital. Successful candidates will have experience of personal care including washing and dressing and will be requirred to follow a care plan.Mandatory Training will be provided by Medacs. All positions are subject to a CRB check and references.•Your choice of shifts in hospitals in Lancashire including Southport and Formby, Blackburn, Preston and Chorley.•Excellent pay rates •Daily payroll •Fast track registration •Experienced recruitment consultants •****hour support service •Free mandatory training •Holiday pay •**** refer a nurse bonus schemeMinimum requirementsAll we ask in return is that you have at least 6 months' recent NHS ward based experience and have had a full course of Hepatitis B and MMR vaccinations." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00609.txt " Healthcare Assistant (HCA)  Band 2 Southport and Formby  Southport" " 71094924" " Medacs Healthcare" " Medacs Healthcare a UK Leading Nurse Agency are currently looking for experienced care assistants to work in various locations across Lancashire. Due to recent contract wins we are now recruiting for HCA Band 2 to work in Southport and Formby District General Hospital. Successful candidates will have experience of personal care including washing and dressing and will be requirred to follow a care plan.Mandatory Training will be provided by Medacs. All positions are subject to a CRB check and references.•Your choice of shifts in hospitals in Lancashire including Southport and Formby, Blackburn, Preston and Chorley.•Excellent pay rates •Daily payroll •Fast track registration •Experienced recruitment consultants •****hour support service •Free mandatory training •Holiday pay •**** refer a nurse bonus schemeMinimum requirementsAll we ask in return is that you have at least 6 months' recent NHS ward based experience and have had a full course of Hepatitis B and MMR vaccinations." "['medacs', 'healthcare', 'nurse', 'agency', 'experienced', 'assistants', 'locations', 'lancashire', 'due', 'recent', 'contract', 'wins', 'recruiting', 'hca', 'band', 'southport', 'formby', 'district', 'general', 'hospital', 'candidates', 'personal', 'washing', 'dressing', 'follow', 'plan', 'mandatory', 'provided', 'medacs', 'positions', 'subject', 'crb', 'check', 'references', 'choice', 'shifts', 'hospitals', 'lancashire', 'southport', 'formby', 'blackburn', 'preston', 'pay', 'rates', 'daily', 'payroll', 'fast', 'track', 'registration', 'experienced', 'consultants', 'hour', 'free', 'mandatory', 'holiday', 'pay', 'refer', 'nurse', 'bonus', 'return', 'months', 'recent', 'nhs', 'ward', 'hepatitis']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Quantity Surveyor
Webindex: 70104899
Company: Hays Specialist Recruit Ltd Construction
Description: I am looking for a Quantity Surveyor to join a team based in Hook for a national media company. You will be accountable for the financial management and cost control of suppliers for a major business programme to the value of 15million. The role is to overlook the London Grid for Learning Programme that is implementing a network to transform the delivery of public services to provide a secure and comprehensive communications infrastructure, serving the needs of schools and other public bodies across the region. The main responsibilities of the role will be to manage the financial responsibility for both the civil and cabling suppliers in the project. You will make sure the applications coming from the supplier are validated, understanding the technical qualifications of the work being carried out and will be expected to keep the programme in order through to final invoicing. Due to the nature of the role you must have a degree in quantity or building surveying or a constructionrelated subject accredited by the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS) or the Chartered Institute of Building (CIOB). You must have experience working within the telecommunication industry primarily civils and cabling implementation. The role is based out of Hook on an initial **** month fixed term contract. Upon completion there may be the possibility to become more established within the business and take on full accountability for setting up future contract arrangements, in some cases bespoke arrangements, on other programmes. The successful candidate will be rewarded with a salary of **** per annum pro rata. The closing date for applications is Thursday 31st January 2013 with the view for the successful candidate to be in post by mid February 2013. Should you require any further details please contact Ben Dixon at Hays on **** ****Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C s, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00153.txt " Quantity Surveyor" " 70104899" " Hays Specialist Recruit Ltd Construction" " I am looking for a Quantity Surveyor to join a team based in Hook for a national media company. You will be accountable for the financial management and cost control of suppliers for a major business programme to the value of 15million. The role is to overlook the London Grid for Learning Programme that is implementing a network to transform the delivery of public services to provide a secure and comprehensive communications infrastructure, serving the needs of schools and other public bodies across the region. The main responsibilities of the role will be to manage the financial responsibility for both the civil and cabling suppliers in the project. You will make sure the applications coming from the supplier are validated, understanding the technical qualifications of the work being carried out and will be expected to keep the programme in order through to final invoicing. Due to the nature of the role you must have a degree in quantity or building surveying or a constructionrelated subject accredited by the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS) or the Chartered Institute of Building (CIOB). You must have experience working within the telecommunication industry primarily civils and cabling implementation. The role is based out of Hook on an initial **** month fixed term contract. Upon completion there may be the possibility to become more established within the business and take on full accountability for setting up future contract arrangements, in some cases bespoke arrangements, on other programmes. The successful candidate will be rewarded with a salary of **** per annum pro rata. The closing date for applications is Thursday 31st January 2013 with the view for the successful candidate to be in post by mid February 2013. Should you require any further details please contact Ben Dixon at Hays on **** ****Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C s, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk" "['quantity', 'surveyor', 'hook', 'national', 'media', 'accountable', 'cost', 'control', 'suppliers', 'major', 'programme', 'million', 'london', 'grid', 'learning', 'programme', 'implementing', 'network', 'delivery', 'public', 'secure', 'comprehensive', 'communications', 'infrastructure', 'serving', 'schools', 'public', 'bodies', 'region', 'main', 'responsibilities', 'manage', 'responsibility', 'civil', 'cabling', 'suppliers', 'project', 'make', 'applications', 'coming', 'supplier', 'validated', 'understanding', 'technical', 'qualifications', 'carried', 'expected', 'programme', 'order', 'final', 'invoicing', 'due', 'nature', 'degree', 'quantity', 'building', 'surveying', 'subject', 'accredited', 'royal', 'institution', 'chartered', 'surveyors', 'rics', 'chartered', 'institute', 'building', 'industry', 'primarily', 'civils', 'cabling', 'implementation', 'hook', 'initial', 'month', 'fixed', 'term', 'contract', 'completion', 'possibility', 'established', 'accountability', 'setting', 'future', 'contract', 'arrangements', 'cases', 'bespoke', 'arrangements', 'programmes', 'rewarded', 'annum', 'pro', 'rata', 'closing', 'date', 'applications', 'thursday', 'st', 'january', 'view', 'post', 'mid', 'february', 'require', 'details', 'contact', 'ben', 'hays', 'hays', 'specialist', 'limited', 'acts', 'employment', 'agency', 'permanent', 'employment', 'supply', 'temporary', 'workers', 'applying', 'accept', 'privacy', 'policy', 'disclaimers', 'found', 'hays']" Engineering
"Title: Band 6 Occupational Therapist
Webindex: 68560905
Company: The Placement Group
Description: We require a band 6 locum occupational therapist who has experience of working in acute medical/elderly for our clients based in Surrey. Start Date: 28th January 2013 Duration: 4 weeks intially but likely to extend Hours: **** per week JustOT Incentives scheme For more details please contact the JustOT team directly on or via email  Refer a friend for this job and earn 200 cash For benefits, please visit; As a Government Procurement Service agency we hold a range of preferred supplier agreements with the NHS Nationwide  Please contact us or visit for details." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00450.txt " Band 6 Occupational Therapist" " 68560905" " The Placement Group" " We require a band 6 locum occupational therapist who has experience of working in acute medical/elderly for our clients based in Surrey. Start Date: 28th January 2013 Duration: 4 weeks intially but likely to extend Hours: **** per week JustOT Incentives scheme For more details please contact the JustOT team directly on or via email  Refer a friend for this job and earn 200 cash For benefits, please visit; As a Government Procurement Service agency we hold a range of preferred supplier agreements with the NHS Nationwide  Please contact us or visit for details." "['require', 'band', 'locum', 'occupational', 'therapist', 'acute', 'medical', 'elderly', 'surrey', 'start', 'date', 'january', 'duration', 'weeks', 'extend', 'hours', 'week', 'justot', 'incentives', 'scheme', 'details', 'contact', 'justot', 'directly', 'email', 'refer', 'friend', 'earn', 'cash', 'benefits', 'visit', 'government', 'procurement', 'agency', 'hold', 'range', 'preferred', 'supplier', 'agreements', 'nhs', 'nationwide', 'contact', 'visit', 'details']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Home Manager ****  ****  Chichester
Webindex: 72184995
Company: Compass Associates Ltd
Description: General Manager | Home Manager Salary ****  ****  excellent benefits Location; West Sussex, commutable from Worthing, Shoreham by Sea, Hove, Brighton and surrounding areas. Compass Associates are working with a valued Client to appoint an experienced Home Manager for this medium sized, purpose built Home with an excellent local reputation. The successful candidate will be RGN or RMN qualified and have proven experience managing a 45 bedded Home. This is a fantastic opportunity to work for an excellent Care Provider and one not to be missed To apply, send a copy of your CV to mjeffreyscompassltd.co.uk or contact Mike Jeffreys direct on **** **** **** for further information." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00497.txt " Home Manager ****  ****  Chichester" " 72184995" " Compass Associates Ltd" " General Manager | Home Manager Salary ****  ****  excellent benefits Location; West Sussex, commutable from Worthing, Shoreham by Sea, Hove, Brighton and surrounding areas. Compass Associates are working with a valued Client to appoint an experienced Home Manager for this medium sized, purpose built Home with an excellent local reputation. The successful candidate will be RGN or RMN qualified and have proven experience managing a 45 bedded Home. This is a fantastic opportunity to work for an excellent Care Provider and one not to be missed To apply, send a copy of your CV to mjeffreyscompassltd.co.uk or contact Mike Jeffreys direct on **** **** **** for further information." "['general', 'benefits', 'location', 'west', 'sussex', 'commutable', 'worthing', 'sea', 'hove', 'brighton', 'surrounding', 'areas', 'compass', 'associates', 'valued', 'appoint', 'experienced', 'medium', 'sized', 'purpose', 'built', 'local', 'reputation', 'rgn', 'rmn', 'qualified', 'proven', 'managing', 'bedded', 'fantastic', 'provider', 'missed', 'send', 'copy', 'cv', 'contact', 'mike', 'direct', 'information']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Mobile Plant Fitters x****
Webindex: 69671196
Company: Candidate Source Ltd
Description: We are working on behalf of our client Breheny to fill this vacancy. This position is based in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire. J Breheny Contractors Ltd, a privately owned civil engineering contractor who have been successfully operating throughout the South East, East Anglia and East Midlands and Yorkshire and on a national basis for key clients, for the past 49 years. A fantastic opportunity has arisen for **** experienced Mobile Plant Fitters to join this expanding company. You will help maintain their civil engineering plant fleet across their operating area from their area office. As a Mobile Plant Fitter your duties will include:  Servicing, maintaining, fault finding and repairing construction plant and machinery to ensure smooth running and performance of machines.  Completing fleet records so the effective reporting and scheduling may be maintained.  Reporting damage caused by misuse to line manager. An ideal Mobile Plant Fitter will hold the following skills and experiences:  Previous experience of servicing and repairing heavy machinery and hydraulics to a high standard is essential.  Previous experience of ARC and MIG welding highly advantageous.  Plant Mechanics qualification desirable although not essential.  Able to work both independently and as part of a team.  Able to undertake work in an orderly manner.  Must hold full driving licence.  Must be prepared to travel and work unsociable hours when required. In return you will receive a salary of ****  **** per hour. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00121.txt " Mobile Plant Fitters x****" " 69671196" " Candidate Source Ltd" " We are working on behalf of our client Breheny to fill this vacancy. This position is based in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire. J Breheny Contractors Ltd, a privately owned civil engineering contractor who have been successfully operating throughout the South East, East Anglia and East Midlands and Yorkshire and on a national basis for key clients, for the past 49 years. A fantastic opportunity has arisen for **** experienced Mobile Plant Fitters to join this expanding company. You will help maintain their civil engineering plant fleet across their operating area from their area office. As a Mobile Plant Fitter your duties will include:  Servicing, maintaining, fault finding and repairing construction plant and machinery to ensure smooth running and performance of machines.  Completing fleet records so the effective reporting and scheduling may be maintained.  Reporting damage caused by misuse to line manager. An ideal Mobile Plant Fitter will hold the following skills and experiences:  Previous experience of servicing and repairing heavy machinery and hydraulics to a high standard is essential.  Previous experience of ARC and MIG welding highly advantageous.  Plant Mechanics qualification desirable although not essential.  Able to work both independently and as part of a team.  Able to undertake work in an orderly manner.  Must hold full driving licence.  Must be prepared to travel and work unsociable hours when required. In return you will receive a salary of ****  **** per hour. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website." "['behalf', 'breheny', 'fill', 'vacancy', 'peterborough', 'cambridgeshire', 'breheny', 'contractors', 'privately', 'owned', 'civil', 'contractor', 'successfully', 'operating', 'south', 'east', 'east', 'anglia', 'east', 'midlands', 'yorkshire', 'national', 'basis', 'key', 'past', 'years', 'fantastic', 'arisen', 'experienced', 'mobile', 'plant', 'fitters', 'expanding', 'maintain', 'civil', 'plant', 'fleet', 'operating', 'area', 'area', 'office', 'mobile', 'plant', 'fitter', 'duties', 'include', 'servicing', 'maintaining', 'fault', 'finding', 'repairing', 'construction', 'plant', 'machinery', 'smooth', 'running', 'performance', 'machines', 'completing', 'fleet', 'records', 'effective', 'reporting', 'scheduling', 'maintained', 'reporting', 'damage', 'misuse', 'line', 'ideal', 'mobile', 'plant', 'fitter', 'hold', 'experiences', 'previous', 'servicing', 'repairing', 'heavy', 'machinery', 'hydraulics', 'standard', 'essential', 'previous', 'mig', 'welding', 'highly', 'advantageous', 'plant', 'mechanics', 'qualification', 'desirable', 'essential', 'independently', 'part', 'undertake', 'orderly', 'manner', 'hold', 'driving', 'licence', 'prepared', 'travel', 'unsociable', 'hours', 'return', 'receive', 'hour', 'stage', 'application', 'process', 'online', 'source', 'advertising', 'agency', 'behalf', 'employment', 'agency', 'applying', 'giving', 'permission', 'pass', 'cv', 'covering', 'letter', 'party', 'relation', 'specific', 'vacancy', 'copy', 'privacy', 'policy', 'website']" Engineering
"Title: Home Support Worker
Webindex: 66426163
Description: We are looking for a friendly, energetic and dedicated Home Support Worker to offer support/personal care to a young man with disabilities. Trust, friendship, respect, understanding & compatibility are critical to the relationship between Support Worker & client. Your role is to facilitate the person to lead life in the way they want to, to enjoy independence, spontaneity and freedom of choice. Competitive hourly rate, plus mileage and benefits. Paid holidays and training provided (including NVQ qualifications). Early mornings, evenings and weekends, parttime. Car owner / driver essential. Must have excellent spoken and written English. T o apply please call Bluebird Care on: **** ****" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00428.txt " Home Support Worker" " 66426163"  " We are looking for a friendly, energetic and dedicated Home Support Worker to offer support/personal care to a young man with disabilities. Trust, friendship, respect, understanding & compatibility are critical to the relationship between Support Worker & client. Your role is to facilitate the person to lead life in the way they want to, to enjoy independence, spontaneity and freedom of choice. Competitive hourly rate, plus mileage and benefits. Paid holidays and training provided (including NVQ qualifications). Early mornings, evenings and weekends, parttime. Car owner / driver essential. Must have excellent spoken and written English. T o apply please call Bluebird Care on: **** ****" "['friendly', 'energetic', 'dedicated', 'worker', 'offer', 'personal', 'young', 'man', 'disabilities', 'trust', 'respect', 'understanding', 'compatibility', 'critical', 'relationship', 'worker', 'facilitate', 'person', 'lead', 'life', 'enjoy', 'independence', 'freedom', 'choice', 'competitive', 'hourly', 'rate', 'mileage', 'benefits', 'paid', 'holidays', 'provided', 'nvq', 'qualifications', 'early', 'mornings', 'evenings', 'weekends', 'parttime', 'car', 'owner', 'driver', 'essential', 'spoken', 'written', 'english', 'call', 'bluebird']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Domiciliary Team Leader  Chester
Webindex: 70265318
Company: Jane Lewis Health & Social Care
Description: About Us: Jane Lewis Health & Social Care are the North West's leading nursing & social care recruiter. Jane Lewis have been providing temporary staffing and permanent recruitment and domiciliary care solutions to a wide range of public & private sector clients since **** The cornerstone of our business is carefully matching the skills, experience and aspirations of our candidates to the specific requirements of our clients. About the Role: We currently have an exciting opportunity for a proactive and highly service driven Domiciliary Care Team Leader, to be based in Chester and the surrounding area. The Domiciliary Care Team provide quality home care support to the local community, and the key functions of the Team Leader are to supervise a team of Home Care Assistants, and also deliver hands on care and support to service users in order to enable them to live independently within their own homes. Our Team Leaders are responsible for ensuring that the care and support provided is tailored to meet the individual needs of service users and is delivered in line with individual care plans. This is achieved through the close supervision of/conduction of spotchecks on our Domiciliary Carers, and by offering training, mentoring and support on an ongoing basis. In addition, the Team Leader must ensure that the quality of care and support offered is of the highest standard, and that service users are able to give open and honest feedback about the service they receive. Additional duties will include: Conducting comprehensive care needs assessments including manual handling and risk assessments. Working closely with service users, their representatives and the Domiciliary Care Team to ensure that outcome based care plans are created and kept up to date. Ensuring that the care delivered is recorded appropriately in the service users records. Ensuring that policies and procedures are strictly adhered to. Ensuring that the highest standards of professionalism are maintained at all times. Organising and attending team meetings, supervision sessions and training. Key Skills Experience of providing Domiciliary Care Excellent communication skills A genuine interest in providing high quality, serviceuser focused care. The ability to build positive working relationships with all stakeholders. A friendly and professional approach Ability to supervise, train and mentor a team of Domiciliary Carers If you think that you’ve got what it takes to join this successful, friendly and highlyservice driven business, and can work various shifts throughout the week (to include evening and weekend work), then we’d love to hear from you. You must have your own transport, and in return, we can offer a competitive salary and car allowance, along with the opportunity to access an excellent training and development package. For further information or to apply for this position please email Sarah Roberts (HR Adviser) on sarahrjanelewis.co.uk." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00485.txt " Domiciliary Team Leader  Chester" " 70265318" " Jane Lewis Health & Social Care" " About Us: Jane Lewis Health & Social Care are the North West's leading nursing & social care recruiter. Jane Lewis have been providing temporary staffing and permanent recruitment and domiciliary care solutions to a wide range of public & private sector clients since **** The cornerstone of our business is carefully matching the skills, experience and aspirations of our candidates to the specific requirements of our clients. About the Role: We currently have an exciting opportunity for a proactive and highly service driven Domiciliary Care Team Leader, to be based in Chester and the surrounding area. The Domiciliary Care Team provide quality home care support to the local community, and the key functions of the Team Leader are to supervise a team of Home Care Assistants, and also deliver hands on care and support to service users in order to enable them to live independently within their own homes. Our Team Leaders are responsible for ensuring that the care and support provided is tailored to meet the individual needs of service users and is delivered in line with individual care plans. This is achieved through the close supervision of/conduction of spotchecks on our Domiciliary Carers, and by offering training, mentoring and support on an ongoing basis. In addition, the Team Leader must ensure that the quality of care and support offered is of the highest standard, and that service users are able to give open and honest feedback about the service they receive. Additional duties will include: Conducting comprehensive care needs assessments including manual handling and risk assessments. Working closely with service users, their representatives and the Domiciliary Care Team to ensure that outcome based care plans are created and kept up to date. Ensuring that the care delivered is recorded appropriately in the service users records. Ensuring that policies and procedures are strictly adhered to. Ensuring that the highest standards of professionalism are maintained at all times. Organising and attending team meetings, supervision sessions and training. Key Skills Experience of providing Domiciliary Care Excellent communication skills A genuine interest in providing high quality, serviceuser focused care. The ability to build positive working relationships with all stakeholders. A friendly and professional approach Ability to supervise, train and mentor a team of Domiciliary Carers If you think that you’ve got what it takes to join this successful, friendly and highlyservice driven business, and can work various shifts throughout the week (to include evening and weekend work), then we’d love to hear from you. You must have your own transport, and in return, we can offer a competitive salary and car allowance, along with the opportunity to access an excellent training and development package. For further information or to apply for this position please email Sarah Roberts (HR Adviser) on sarahrjanelewis.co.uk." "['jane', 'lewis', 'health', 'social', 'north', 'nursing', 'social', 'recruiter', 'jane', 'lewis', 'providing', 'temporary', 'staffing', 'permanent', 'domiciliary', 'solutions', 'wide', 'range', 'public', 'private', 'sector', 'carefully', 'matching', 'aspirations', 'candidates', 'specific', 'requirements', 'exciting', 'proactive', 'highly', 'driven', 'domiciliary', 'leader', 'chester', 'surrounding', 'area', 'domiciliary', 'quality', 'local', 'community', 'key', 'functions', 'leader', 'supervise', 'assistants', 'deliver', 'hands', 'users', 'order', 'enable', 'live', 'independently', 'homes', 'leaders', 'responsible', 'ensuring', 'provided', 'tailored', 'meet', 'individual', 'users', 'delivered', 'line', 'individual', 'plans', 'achieved', 'close', 'supervision', 'domiciliary', 'carers', 'offering', 'mentoring', 'ongoing', 'basis', 'addition', 'leader', 'quality', 'offered', 'highest', 'standard', 'users', 'give', 'open', 'honest', 'feedback', 'receive', 'additional', 'duties', 'include', 'conducting', 'comprehensive', 'assessments', 'manual', 'handling', 'risk', 'assessments', 'closely', 'users', 'representatives', 'domiciliary', 'outcome', 'plans', 'created', 'date', 'ensuring', 'delivered', 'recorded', 'appropriately', 'users', 'records', 'ensuring', 'policies', 'procedures', 'strictly', 'adhered', 'ensuring', 'highest', 'standards', 'professionalism', 'maintained', 'times', 'organising', 'attending', 'meetings', 'supervision', 'sessions', 'key', 'providing', 'domiciliary', 'communication', 'genuine', 'interest', 'providing', 'quality', 'focused', 'build', 'positive', 'relationships', 'stakeholders', 'friendly', 'professional', 'approach', 'supervise', 'train', 'mentor', 'domiciliary', 'carers', 've', 'takes', 'friendly', 'driven', 'shifts', 'week', 'include', 'evening', 'weekend', 'love', 'hear', 'transport', 'return', 'offer', 'competitive', 'car', 'allowance', 'access', 'package', 'information', 'email', 'sarah', 'hr', 'adviser']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Senior US Casualty Underwriter
Webindex: 70420139
Company: Lawes Insurance Recruitment
Description: Job Title: Senior US Casualty Underwriter Location: London City Industry: Insurance Job Type: Permanent Our client, one of the largest in the London Market has a new role and requires a Senior US Casualty Underwriter for their ever expanding team. You will be working within their dedicated team with the responsibility for the retention and acquisition of clients , you will play a key role taking leadership of the team, providing training for junior members and supporting the business manager Requirements: Senior US Casualty Underwriting experience Current knowledge and experience of the US Casualty Market US bias with elements of other International territories Technical product knowledge Excellent sales and negotiation skills Selfmotivated and ability to succeed in a target driven environment Effective time management and prioritisation skills Good networking, influencing and relationship building skills Training, mentoring and coaching skills desirable If you have the relevant experience please do not hesitate to contact us now on **** **** **** or email derricklawesrecruit.co.uk. Please Note: Due to the sheer volume of applications we receive, we will only contact successful applications. Therefore if you have not heard from us within **** working days please deem your application as unsuccessful. Don t miss out on new opportunities, visit our website www.lawesrecruitment.co.uk" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00390.txt " Senior US Casualty Underwriter" " 70420139" " Lawes Insurance Recruitment" " Job Title: Senior US Casualty Underwriter Location: London City Industry: Insurance Job Type: Permanent Our client, one of the largest in the London Market has a new role and requires a Senior US Casualty Underwriter for their ever expanding team. You will be working within their dedicated team with the responsibility for the retention and acquisition of clients , you will play a key role taking leadership of the team, providing training for junior members and supporting the business manager Requirements: Senior US Casualty Underwriting experience Current knowledge and experience of the US Casualty Market US bias with elements of other International territories Technical product knowledge Excellent sales and negotiation skills Selfmotivated and ability to succeed in a target driven environment Effective time management and prioritisation skills Good networking, influencing and relationship building skills Training, mentoring and coaching skills desirable If you have the relevant experience please do not hesitate to contact us now on **** **** **** or email derricklawesrecruit.co.uk. Please Note: Due to the sheer volume of applications we receive, we will only contact successful applications. Therefore if you have not heard from us within **** working days please deem your application as unsuccessful. Don t miss out on new opportunities, visit our website www.lawesrecruitment.co.uk" "['title', 'senior', 'casualty', 'underwriter', 'location', 'london', 'city', 'industry', 'insurance', 'type', 'permanent', 'largest', 'london', 'market', 'requires', 'senior', 'casualty', 'underwriter', 'expanding', 'dedicated', 'responsibility', 'retention', 'acquisition', 'play', 'key', 'taking', 'leadership', 'providing', 'junior', 'members', 'supporting', 'requirements', 'senior', 'casualty', 'underwriting', 'current', 'casualty', 'market', 'bias', 'elements', 'international', 'territories', 'technical', 'product', 'negotiation', 'selfmotivated', 'succeed', 'target', 'driven', 'environment', 'effective', 'time', 'prioritisation', 'networking', 'influencing', 'relationship', 'building', 'mentoring', 'coaching', 'desirable', 'relevant', 'hesitate', 'contact', 'email', 'note', 'due', 'sheer', 'volume', 'applications', 'receive', 'contact', 'applications', 'heard', 'days', 'deem', 'application', 'unsuccessful', 'don', 'miss', 'opportunities', 'visit', 'website', 'www']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Now how do you like VAT
Webindex: 70159396
Company: Pro Tax
Description: This Top 1****0 Accountancy Practice are recruiting for VAT specialists in their thriving and successful Chelmsford office. As the lucky candidate you will be working on VAT consultancy assignments to include providing tax planning services to a host of great clients and liaising with them as well as the relative tax authorities on their behalf. Furthermore you will be assisting the Tax Director and VAT Manager with adhoc assignments. You will be required to show a comprehensive knowledge of VAT and demonstrate a commercial approach. Having a personable nature and being confident and competent in client facing roles is imperative to this position. This is an outstanding opportunity for Corporate Tax seniors looking for that perfect role within the Essex area. Candidates will be CTA/ATT qualified or near completion of their qualification. Do not delay as this position is proving highly popular and will not be around for long. To find out more please contact James Dowdeswell on **** (0)**** **** **** or please send your CV into infotax.co.uk. ProTax is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00283.txt " Now how do you like VAT" " 70159396" " Pro Tax" " This Top 1****0 Accountancy Practice are recruiting for VAT specialists in their thriving and successful Chelmsford office. As the lucky candidate you will be working on VAT consultancy assignments to include providing tax planning services to a host of great clients and liaising with them as well as the relative tax authorities on their behalf. Furthermore you will be assisting the Tax Director and VAT Manager with adhoc assignments. You will be required to show a comprehensive knowledge of VAT and demonstrate a commercial approach. Having a personable nature and being confident and competent in client facing roles is imperative to this position. This is an outstanding opportunity for Corporate Tax seniors looking for that perfect role within the Essex area. Candidates will be CTA/ATT qualified or near completion of their qualification. Do not delay as this position is proving highly popular and will not be around for long. To find out more please contact James Dowdeswell on **** (0)**** **** **** or please send your CV into infotax.co.uk. ProTax is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy." "['top', 'accountancy', 'practice', 'recruiting', 'vat', 'specialists', 'thriving', 'chelmsford', 'office', 'vat', 'consultancy', 'assignments', 'include', 'providing', 'tax', 'planning', 'host', 'great', 'liaising', 'tax', 'authorities', 'behalf', 'assisting', 'tax', 'director', 'vat', 'adhoc', 'assignments', 'show', 'comprehensive', 'vat', 'demonstrate', 'commercial', 'approach', 'personable', 'nature', 'confident', 'competent', 'facing', 'roles', 'imperative', 'outstanding', 'corporate', 'tax', 'perfect', 'essex', 'area', 'candidates', 'cta', 'att', 'qualified', 'completion', 'qualification', 'delay', 'highly', 'popular', 'long', 'find', 'contact', 'james', 'send', 'cv', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'vacancy']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: RGN Job Poole Nights
Webindex: 46633806
Description: RGN  Nights, Poole, Dorset, ****ph In Touch Recruitment are working on behalf of a quality focused care organisation to recruit a committed RGN to join a friendly staff team within a luxury care home in Dorset. Surrounded by beautiful scenery, this nursing home provides high quality nursing care and support to older people with general and dementia nursing needs. The home is situated in a lovely location and is close to the town centres of both Poole and Bournemouth. For this service, we are looking for a positive Registered General Nurse (RGN) to join the team and take the lead of the night shifts to ensure that excellent standards of care are continuously delivered. The role will include supervising a care team, updating and evaluating care plans, medication management and attending to the clinical needs of the residents on shift. This is a full time, permanent position covering nights. If you are a Registered General Nurse looking for a new opportunity in Dorset  APPLY NOW Key Words: RGN, Registered Nurse, Registered General Nurse, Poole, Dorset, Bournemouth, Nursing Home" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00558.txt " RGN Job Poole Nights" " 46633806"  " RGN  Nights, Poole, Dorset, ****ph In Touch Recruitment are working on behalf of a quality focused care organisation to recruit a committed RGN to join a friendly staff team within a luxury care home in Dorset. Surrounded by beautiful scenery, this nursing home provides high quality nursing care and support to older people with general and dementia nursing needs. The home is situated in a lovely location and is close to the town centres of both Poole and Bournemouth. For this service, we are looking for a positive Registered General Nurse (RGN) to join the team and take the lead of the night shifts to ensure that excellent standards of care are continuously delivered. The role will include supervising a care team, updating and evaluating care plans, medication management and attending to the clinical needs of the residents on shift. This is a full time, permanent position covering nights. If you are a Registered General Nurse looking for a new opportunity in Dorset  APPLY NOW Key Words: RGN, Registered Nurse, Registered General Nurse, Poole, Dorset, Bournemouth, Nursing Home" "['rgn', 'nights', 'poole', 'dorset', 'ph', 'touch', 'behalf', 'quality', 'focused', 'organisation', 'recruit', 'committed', 'rgn', 'friendly', 'luxury', 'dorset', 'surrounded', 'beautiful', 'nursing', 'quality', 'nursing', 'older', 'people', 'general', 'dementia', 'nursing', 'situated', 'lovely', 'location', 'close', 'town', 'centres', 'poole', 'bournemouth', 'positive', 'registered', 'general', 'nurse', 'rgn', 'lead', 'night', 'shifts', 'standards', 'continuously', 'delivered', 'include', 'supervising', 'updating', 'evaluating', 'plans', 'medication', 'attending', 'clinical', 'residents', 'shift', 'time', 'permanent', 'covering', 'nights', 'registered', 'general', 'nurse', 'dorset', 'key', 'words', 'rgn', 'registered', 'nurse', 'registered', 'general', 'nurse', 'poole', 'dorset', 'bournemouth', 'nursing']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: MidMarket Sales Executive
Webindex: 68784692
Company: BMS Sales Specialists LLP
Description: Job Title MidMarket Sales Executive / Account Executive / Software Sales, ****k Basic OTE ****k Skills Software Sales, New Business Sales, Financial Services Solutions Salary ****k Basic OTE ****k, Car Allowance, Pension, Laptop, Mobile Phone Location Manchester, Leeds, Sheffield, Liverpool, Newcastle The Company This growing software sales company's solutions improve the efficiency of its customer's internal financial management by automating the processing of employee business expenses. Their software reduces errors and administrative costs, provide a data source for tax recovery and spending analysis, and improve the enforcement and communication of expenses management policies across the enterprise. They are experiencing some excellent growth within Europe and are currently expanding their sales team as a result. The Person They are looking for the following Key Skills: New business sales track record You will ideally have a successful track record of software sales Proactive, polished, hungry sales individuals are sought You will be ambitious as they actively seek sales people capable of success and progression The Role You will be selling software packages to midmarket customers, in a highly proactive new business manner. Sales are typically conducted at financial director and CFO level and software deals average ****k. Sales executives here are supported by a thorough presales team and you will also receive full training on their software. Top sales performers here earn well in excess of their OTE and this awardwinning software sales firm will also fuel your career aspirations. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Please contact Hugh Strivens on **** **** or email bmsbmsit.com to discuss this and other unadvertised positions. www.bmsit.com BMS has been established for twenty years, specialising in providing solutions sales and presales professionals to the IT and Telecoms marketplace. Our approach is to listen to your needs and to provide a highvalue/low volume solution for all of your recruiting requirements. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/MidMarketSalesExecutive_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00693.txt " MidMarket Sales Executive" " 68784692" " BMS Sales Specialists LLP" " Job Title MidMarket Sales Executive / Account Executive / Software Sales, ****k Basic OTE ****k Skills Software Sales, New Business Sales, Financial Services Solutions Salary ****k Basic OTE ****k, Car Allowance, Pension, Laptop, Mobile Phone Location Manchester, Leeds, Sheffield, Liverpool, Newcastle The Company This growing software sales company's solutions improve the efficiency of its customer's internal financial management by automating the processing of employee business expenses. Their software reduces errors and administrative costs, provide a data source for tax recovery and spending analysis, and improve the enforcement and communication of expenses management policies across the enterprise. They are experiencing some excellent growth within Europe and are currently expanding their sales team as a result. The Person They are looking for the following Key Skills: New business sales track record You will ideally have a successful track record of software sales Proactive, polished, hungry sales individuals are sought You will be ambitious as they actively seek sales people capable of success and progression The Role You will be selling software packages to midmarket customers, in a highly proactive new business manner. Sales are typically conducted at financial director and CFO level and software deals average ****k. Sales executives here are supported by a thorough presales team and you will also receive full training on their software. Top sales performers here earn well in excess of their OTE and this awardwinning software sales firm will also fuel your career aspirations. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Please contact Hugh Strivens on **** **** or email bmsbmsit.com to discuss this and other unadvertised positions. www.bmsit.com BMS has been established for twenty years, specialising in providing solutions sales and presales professionals to the IT and Telecoms marketplace. Our approach is to listen to your needs and to provide a highvalue/low volume solution for all of your recruiting requirements. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/MidMarketSalesExecutive_job****" "['title', 'midmarket', 'executive', 'account', 'executive', 'software', 'basic', 'ote', 'software', 'solutions', 'basic', 'ote', 'car', 'allowance', 'pension', 'laptop', 'mobile', 'phone', 'location', 'manchester', 'leeds', 'sheffield', 'liverpool', 'newcastle', 'growing', 'software', ""company's"", 'solutions', 'improve', 'efficiency', ""customer's"", 'internal', 'processing', 'employee', 'expenses', 'software', 'errors', 'administrative', 'costs', 'data', 'source', 'tax', 'recovery', 'analysis', 'improve', 'communication', 'expenses', 'policies', 'enterprise', 'experiencing', 'growth', 'europe', 'expanding', 'result', 'person', 'key', 'track', 'record', 'ideally', 'track', 'record', 'software', 'proactive', 'polished', 'hungry', 'individuals', 'sought', 'ambitious', 'actively', 'seek', 'people', 'capable', 'success', 'progression', 'selling', 'software', 'packages', 'midmarket', 'customers', 'highly', 'proactive', 'manner', 'typically', 'conducted', 'director', 'cfo', 'level', 'software', 'deals', 'average', 'executives', 'supported', 'presales', 'receive', 'software', 'top', 'performers', 'earn', 'excess', 'ote', 'awardwinning', 'software', 'firm', 'fuel', 'career', 'aspirations', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'live', 'contact', 'hugh', 'strivens', 'email', 'bmsbmsit', 'discuss', 'unadvertised', 'positions', 'www', 'bmsit', 'bms', 'established', 'twenty', 'years', 'specialising', 'providing', 'solutions', 'presales', 'professionals', 'telecoms', 'marketplace', 'approach', 'listen', 'highvalue', 'low', 'volume', 'solution', 'recruiting', 'requirements', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'salestarget', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Deputy Nurse Manager  Kettering  **** Per Hour  Kettering
Webindex: 68310471
Company: Regional Recruitment Services
Description: Job Title; Deputy Manager RGN Location; Kettering, Northampton Salary; **** Per HourHours; Full Time – 40 Hours Per Week Skills; NMC Registration, Nursing Home, Deputy Manager, Leadership and Management, Older People, Dementia, Mental Health, Physical Disabilities Job Reference; ****EF Regional Recruitment Services are currently recruiting for a Deputy Nurse Manager to assist in the running of a large sized Nursing Home within the Northampton area.The Role To assist the Home Manager in the daily running of a large sized Nursing HomeTo care for residents with Dementia, Old Age, Mental Health and Physical Disabilities Provide support to Registered Nurses with Care Plans, Risk Assessments, Administration of Medications and the general care of clients within the homeTo manage the large sized staff teamTo deal with the Rotas ensuring that the home is appropriately staffed at all timesTo ensure that the home is working in compliance to the national CQC guidelines The Candidate Registered Nurse Qualification with a current NMC pin numberPrevious experience of working within a Nursing Home setting Previous experience of working within a supervisory role such as a Senior Nurse or Deputy ManagerGood leadership and management skillsMust be able to demonstrate sound knowledge of the CQC standards The Package Competitive Salary with generous package Excellent benefits as befits one of the UK's most prestigious organisations. Highly competitive holiday package and a selection of other benefits. Excellent working environment. Promotion opportunities High levels of job security. A great career pathway combined with clinical skills development Secure and supportive working environmentTo be considered for this opportunity please apply directly through this website or send your CV in to us in us directly at; alex.howarthregionalrecruitment.com quoting reference; ****EF If you would like to speak to us in more detail before applying, please call Alex Howarth or Emma Fyfe on **** **** **** quoting reference ****EFThis position is advertised on behalf of Regional Recruitment Services Ltd. We also have a variety of other permanent positions available ranging from; Care Assistants, Care Home Managers, Care Jobs, Charge Nurse Jobs, Children's Nurses, Clinical Lead Nurses, Clinical Nurses, Clinical Nurse Specialists, Community Children's Nurses, Community Mental Health, Community Sisters, Community Staff Nurses, Community Workers, Deputy Care Managers, Deputy Ward Managers, District Nurses, Team Leaders, Emergency Nurse posts, HDU Nurse positions, Health Care Assistants, Home Manager jobs, ICU Nurse, Lead Nurse, Midwife, Modern Matron, Neonatal Staff Nurse Jobs, Nurse Advisors, Nurse Team Leader posts, Nursing Auxiliary, NVQ Assessor, Occupational Health Nurses, Occupational Therapists, Oncology Nurses, Paediatric Nurses, Practice Nurses, Recovery Nurses, Registered General Nurse posts, Registered Nurse posts, Residential Adult Care jobs, Residential Child Care jobs, RGN's, RMN's, RNLD's, School Nurses, Scrub Nurses, Senior Sisters, Social Care posts, Social Worker positions, Staff Nurse A & E, Support Workers, Theatre Manager posts, Theatre Nurses, Theatre Practitioners, Theatre Support Workers, Ward Managers, Ward Sister posts" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00524.txt " Deputy Nurse Manager  Kettering  **** Per Hour  Kettering" " 68310471" " Regional Recruitment Services" " Job Title; Deputy Manager RGN Location; Kettering, Northampton Salary; **** Per HourHours; Full Time – 40 Hours Per Week Skills; NMC Registration, Nursing Home, Deputy Manager, Leadership and Management, Older People, Dementia, Mental Health, Physical Disabilities Job Reference; ****EF Regional Recruitment Services are currently recruiting for a Deputy Nurse Manager to assist in the running of a large sized Nursing Home within the Northampton area.The Role To assist the Home Manager in the daily running of a large sized Nursing HomeTo care for residents with Dementia, Old Age, Mental Health and Physical Disabilities Provide support to Registered Nurses with Care Plans, Risk Assessments, Administration of Medications and the general care of clients within the homeTo manage the large sized staff teamTo deal with the Rotas ensuring that the home is appropriately staffed at all timesTo ensure that the home is working in compliance to the national CQC guidelines The Candidate Registered Nurse Qualification with a current NMC pin numberPrevious experience of working within a Nursing Home setting Previous experience of working within a supervisory role such as a Senior Nurse or Deputy ManagerGood leadership and management skillsMust be able to demonstrate sound knowledge of the CQC standards The Package Competitive Salary with generous package Excellent benefits as befits one of the UK's most prestigious organisations. Highly competitive holiday package and a selection of other benefits. Excellent working environment. Promotion opportunities High levels of job security. A great career pathway combined with clinical skills development Secure and supportive working environmentTo be considered for this opportunity please apply directly through this website or send your CV in to us in us directly at; alex.howarthregionalrecruitment.com quoting reference; ****EF If you would like to speak to us in more detail before applying, please call Alex Howarth or Emma Fyfe on **** **** **** quoting reference ****EFThis position is advertised on behalf of Regional Recruitment Services Ltd. We also have a variety of other permanent positions available ranging from; Care Assistants, Care Home Managers, Care Jobs, Charge Nurse Jobs, Children's Nurses, Clinical Lead Nurses, Clinical Nurses, Clinical Nurse Specialists, Community Children's Nurses, Community Mental Health, Community Sisters, Community Staff Nurses, Community Workers, Deputy Care Managers, Deputy Ward Managers, District Nurses, Team Leaders, Emergency Nurse posts, HDU Nurse positions, Health Care Assistants, Home Manager jobs, ICU Nurse, Lead Nurse, Midwife, Modern Matron, Neonatal Staff Nurse Jobs, Nurse Advisors, Nurse Team Leader posts, Nursing Auxiliary, NVQ Assessor, Occupational Health Nurses, Occupational Therapists, Oncology Nurses, Paediatric Nurses, Practice Nurses, Recovery Nurses, Registered General Nurse posts, Registered Nurse posts, Residential Adult Care jobs, Residential Child Care jobs, RGN's, RMN's, RNLD's, School Nurses, Scrub Nurses, Senior Sisters, Social Care posts, Social Worker positions, Staff Nurse A & E, Support Workers, Theatre Manager posts, Theatre Nurses, Theatre Practitioners, Theatre Support Workers, Ward Managers, Ward Sister posts" "['title', 'deputy', 'rgn', 'location', 'kettering', 'northampton', 'time', 'hours', 'week', 'nmc', 'registration', 'nursing', 'deputy', 'leadership', 'older', 'people', 'dementia', 'mental', 'health', 'physical', 'disabilities', 'reference', 'ef', 'regional', 'recruiting', 'deputy', 'nurse', 'assist', 'running', 'large', 'sized', 'nursing', 'northampton', 'area', 'assist', 'daily', 'running', 'large', 'sized', 'nursing', 'hometo', 'residents', 'dementia', 'age', 'mental', 'health', 'physical', 'disabilities', 'registered', 'nurses', 'plans', 'risk', 'assessments', 'administration', 'medications', 'general', 'hometo', 'manage', 'large', 'sized', 'deal', 'rotas', 'ensuring', 'appropriately', 'compliance', 'national', 'cqc', 'guidelines', 'registered', 'nurse', 'qualification', 'current', 'nmc', 'pin', 'nursing', 'setting', 'previous', 'supervisory', 'senior', 'nurse', 'deputy', 'leadership', 'demonstrate', 'sound', 'cqc', 'standards', 'package', 'competitive', 'generous', 'package', 'benefits', ""uk's"", 'prestigious', 'organisations', 'highly', 'competitive', 'holiday', 'package', 'selection', 'benefits', 'environment', 'promotion', 'opportunities', 'levels', 'security', 'great', 'career', 'pathway', 'combined', 'clinical', 'secure', 'supportive', 'considered', 'directly', 'website', 'send', 'cv', 'directly', 'alex', 'quoting', 'reference', 'ef', 'speak', 'detail', 'applying', 'call', 'alex', 'howarth', 'emma', 'fyfe', 'quoting', 'reference', 'advertised', 'behalf', 'regional', 'variety', 'permanent', 'positions', 'ranging', 'assistants', 'managers', 'jobs', 'charge', 'nurse', 'jobs', ""children's"", 'nurses', 'clinical', 'lead', 'nurses', 'clinical', 'nurses', 'clinical', 'nurse', 'specialists', 'community', ""children's"", 'nurses', 'community', 'mental', 'health', 'community', 'sisters', 'community', 'nurses', 'community', 'workers', 'deputy', 'managers', 'deputy', 'ward', 'managers', 'district', 'nurses', 'leaders', 'emergency', 'nurse', 'posts', 'nurse', 'positions', 'health', 'assistants', 'jobs', 'icu', 'nurse', 'lead', 'nurse', 'modern', 'nurse', 'jobs', 'nurse', 'advisors', 'nurse', 'leader', 'posts', 'nursing', 'auxiliary', 'nvq', 'assessor', 'occupational', 'health', 'nurses', 'occupational', 'therapists', 'oncology', 'nurses', 'paediatric', 'nurses', 'practice', 'nurses', 'recovery', 'nurses', 'registered', 'general', 'nurse', 'posts', 'registered', 'nurse', 'posts', 'residential', 'adult', 'jobs', 'residential', 'child', 'jobs', ""rgn's"", ""rmn's"", 'school', 'nurses', 'scrub', 'nurses', 'senior', 'sisters', 'social', 'posts', 'social', 'worker', 'positions', 'nurse', 'workers', 'theatre', 'posts', 'theatre', 'nurses', 'theatre', 'practitioners', 'theatre', 'workers', 'ward', 'managers', 'ward', 'sister', 'posts']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: C&I Engineering Consultant
Webindex: 71099289
Company: London4Jobs
Description: My client is offering a fantastic opportunity for a C I Engineering Consultant to become part of their fast growing and reputable organisation. This role is to join an established team working for a major water industry client, predominantly in a consultancy role, advising their strategic options in terms of technology, process and operations for Instrumentation, Control and Automation. It is expected that three or four days per week will be spent at the client's sites, in the central areas of the UK. The successful candidate will be involved in:  Producing migration roadmaps, defining the approach and pace to take in adopting and delivering changes proposed through these strategies  The development of detailed programme plan(s) built from constituent project plans; defining timephased benefits based upon project and programme outcomes  Consolidation of costing information into summary form for long term business planning and regulatory submissions on investment. Essential Requirements:  Project/Programme Management, or Technical/Operational Management experience  Experience of Technical/Process Consultancy within the Water / Waste Water Sector  Team player with excellent communication skills  Willingness to travel and work at customer sites when required  Driving licence Desirable Skills:  Technical or Operational experience of Instrumentation, Control and Automation  Technical or Operational experience of Real Time Business Information (Oracle would be most useful)  Instrumentation expertise (WTW STW based and/or field instruments) To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00171.txt " C&I Engineering Consultant" " 71099289" " London4Jobs" " My client is offering a fantastic opportunity for a C I Engineering Consultant to become part of their fast growing and reputable organisation. This role is to join an established team working for a major water industry client, predominantly in a consultancy role, advising their strategic options in terms of technology, process and operations for Instrumentation, Control and Automation. It is expected that three or four days per week will be spent at the client's sites, in the central areas of the UK. The successful candidate will be involved in:  Producing migration roadmaps, defining the approach and pace to take in adopting and delivering changes proposed through these strategies  The development of detailed programme plan(s) built from constituent project plans; defining timephased benefits based upon project and programme outcomes  Consolidation of costing information into summary form for long term business planning and regulatory submissions on investment. Essential Requirements:  Project/Programme Management, or Technical/Operational Management experience  Experience of Technical/Process Consultancy within the Water / Waste Water Sector  Team player with excellent communication skills  Willingness to travel and work at customer sites when required  Driving licence Desirable Skills:  Technical or Operational experience of Instrumentation, Control and Automation  Technical or Operational experience of Real Time Business Information (Oracle would be most useful)  Instrumentation expertise (WTW STW based and/or field instruments) To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy." "['offering', 'fantastic', 'consultant', 'part', 'fast', 'growing', 'reputable', 'organisation', 'established', 'major', 'water', 'industry', 'predominantly', 'consultancy', 'advising', 'strategic', 'options', 'terms', 'technology', 'process', 'operations', 'instrumentation', 'control', 'automation', 'expected', 'days', 'week', 'spent', ""client's"", 'sites', 'central', 'areas', 'involved', 'producing', 'defining', 'approach', 'pace', 'adopting', 'delivering', 'proposed', 'strategies', 'detailed', 'programme', 'plan', 'built', 'project', 'plans', 'defining', 'benefits', 'project', 'programme', 'outcomes', 'consolidation', 'costing', 'information', 'summary', 'form', 'long', 'term', 'planning', 'regulatory', 'submissions', 'investment', 'essential', 'requirements', 'project', 'programme', 'technical', 'operational', 'technical', 'process', 'consultancy', 'water', 'waste', 'water', 'sector', 'player', 'communication', 'willingness', 'travel', 'sites', 'driving', 'licence', 'desirable', 'technical', 'operational', 'instrumentation', 'control', 'automation', 'technical', 'operational', 'real', 'time', 'information', 'oracle', 'instrumentation', 'expertise', 'field', 'instruments', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'live', 'matchtech', 'acting', 'employment', 'relation', 'vacancy']" Engineering
"Title: RGN Home Manager
Webindex: 71080674
Description: Eclypse Recruitment is currently looking for a NursingHome Manager for a beautiful nursing home located in Cheltenham in Gloucestershire. The home is part of an excellentorganisation where quality care and commitment to high standards are theirnumber **** priority. The nursing home weare recruiting for is a stunning building located centrally in Cheltenham andoffers a beautiful home for elderly frail nursing residents. The home we are recruiting for is split over **** floors andoffers general nursing care to over 65 years olds. The home produces a large profit each yearfor this excellent group which is why we are looking for someone truly exceptional to come on board and managing this nursing home. To apply for this post you must be able to meet thefollowing requirements: RGNQualified RegisteredManagers Award or NVQ Level 4 in Care Management Youmust have experience in managing nursing homes with a minimum bed size of ****residents Youmust be able to display an excellent knowledge of CQC, Safeguarding andNational Minimum Care Standards Youmust have excellent experience in marketing and increasing occupancy in anursing home Youmust previous home management experience Excellentleadership skills Excellentbudget management experience and business acumen The client we are recruiting for are looking for someonewho is highly experienced, professional and totally committed to deliveringhigh standards of nursing care in nursing homes. You must be a manager who leads by example and someonewho can manage change. The client are looking to pay a basic salary of **** a performance related bonus. This is a really excellent opportunity for an exceptionalhome manager to join an amazing organisation." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00466.txt " RGN Home Manager" " 71080674"  " Eclypse Recruitment is currently looking for a NursingHome Manager for a beautiful nursing home located in Cheltenham in Gloucestershire. The home is part of an excellentorganisation where quality care and commitment to high standards are theirnumber **** priority. The nursing home weare recruiting for is a stunning building located centrally in Cheltenham andoffers a beautiful home for elderly frail nursing residents. The home we are recruiting for is split over **** floors andoffers general nursing care to over 65 years olds. The home produces a large profit each yearfor this excellent group which is why we are looking for someone truly exceptional to come on board and managing this nursing home. To apply for this post you must be able to meet thefollowing requirements: RGNQualified RegisteredManagers Award or NVQ Level 4 in Care Management Youmust have experience in managing nursing homes with a minimum bed size of ****residents Youmust be able to display an excellent knowledge of CQC, Safeguarding andNational Minimum Care Standards Youmust have excellent experience in marketing and increasing occupancy in anursing home Youmust previous home management experience Excellentleadership skills Excellentbudget management experience and business acumen The client we are recruiting for are looking for someonewho is highly experienced, professional and totally committed to deliveringhigh standards of nursing care in nursing homes. You must be a manager who leads by example and someonewho can manage change. The client are looking to pay a basic salary of **** a performance related bonus. This is a really excellent opportunity for an exceptionalhome manager to join an amazing organisation." "['eclypse', 'beautiful', 'nursing', 'located', 'cheltenham', 'gloucestershire', 'part', 'quality', 'commitment', 'standards', 'priority', 'nursing', 'recruiting', 'stunning', 'building', 'located', 'centrally', 'cheltenham', 'andoffers', 'beautiful', 'elderly', 'frail', 'nursing', 'residents', 'recruiting', 'split', 'andoffers', 'general', 'nursing', 'years', 'produces', 'large', 'profit', 'group', 'exceptional', 'board', 'managing', 'nursing', 'post', 'meet', 'requirements', 'award', 'nvq', 'level', 'youmust', 'managing', 'nursing', 'homes', 'minimum', 'bed', 'size', 'residents', 'youmust', 'display', 'cqc', 'safeguarding', 'minimum', 'standards', 'youmust', 'marketing', 'increasing', 'occupancy', 'youmust', 'previous', 'acumen', 'recruiting', 'someonewho', 'highly', 'experienced', 'professional', 'committed', 'standards', 'nursing', 'nursing', 'homes', 'leads', 'someonewho', 'manage', 'change', 'pay', 'basic', 'performance', 'related', 'bonus', 'amazing', 'organisation']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Sales Exec (Internal)
Webindex: 68057786
Company: Calibre Candidates
Description: Great opportunity for a candidate to undertake an officebased sales role where candidates with strong sales skills are well rewarded for their achievement. Please note that this is a professional Company with a household name and the role does not involve any coldcalling. The role involves taking incoming and outgoing warm sales leads e.g where a customer has expressed an interest in a product, providing quotes and other information, negotiating, closing agreements, as well as completing general supporting administration. The Company has an extremely competitive product offering and there are ongoing recent marketing campaigns on National TV and in the press to generate leads and therefore this provides excellent opportunities for the sales team. This has directly led to the need to expand the sales team as soon as possible. Successful candidates will have smart personal presentation, proven experience in a telephonebased sales role, as well as a professional work ethic. An ote of c ****k is easily achievable. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesExecInternal_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00639.txt " Sales Exec (Internal)" " 68057786" " Calibre Candidates" " Great opportunity for a candidate to undertake an officebased sales role where candidates with strong sales skills are well rewarded for their achievement. Please note that this is a professional Company with a household name and the role does not involve any coldcalling. The role involves taking incoming and outgoing warm sales leads e.g where a customer has expressed an interest in a product, providing quotes and other information, negotiating, closing agreements, as well as completing general supporting administration. The Company has an extremely competitive product offering and there are ongoing recent marketing campaigns on National TV and in the press to generate leads and therefore this provides excellent opportunities for the sales team. This has directly led to the need to expand the sales team as soon as possible. Successful candidates will have smart personal presentation, proven experience in a telephonebased sales role, as well as a professional work ethic. An ote of c ****k is easily achievable. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesExecInternal_job****" "['great', 'undertake', 'candidates', 'rewarded', 'achievement', 'note', 'professional', 'household', 'involve', 'coldcalling', 'involves', 'taking', 'incoming', 'outgoing', 'warm', 'leads', 'interest', 'product', 'providing', 'quotes', 'information', 'negotiating', 'closing', 'agreements', 'completing', 'general', 'supporting', 'administration', 'extremely', 'competitive', 'product', 'offering', 'ongoing', 'recent', 'marketing', 'campaigns', 'national', 'tv', 'press', 'generate', 'leads', 'opportunities', 'directly', 'led', 'expand', 'candidates', 'smart', 'personal', 'presentation', 'proven', 'telephonebased', 'professional', 'ethic', 'ote', 'easily', 'achievable', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Operations Manager, Asset Manager and CAPEX Manager
Webindex: 72485443
Company: Lanesra Technical Recruitment Limited
Description: Operations Manager, CAPEX Manager and Asset Manager Location: Edinburgh Salary: ****pa  ****pa (Negotiable) plus excellent benefits Our client is a leading provider of comprehensive water and wastewater services to municipal and industrial customers and they have an exciting opportunity for CAPEX Manager/Operations and Asset Manager to provide both a lead and support function in the development, management and promotion of the capital expenditure and operations of the Seafield and Esk projects. Key Responsibilities  Safe and efficient Maintenance regime at all project sites with AVSE and/or North sites  Deliver efficient and commercially compliant Maintenance regime across all Waste water operational sites and assets  Focusing primarily on waste water performance as a member of the PFI senior leadership team you will also have accountability for the whole of the project commercial operation  As part of the PFI senior leadership team you will also be accountable for delivery of all financial and commercials within the contract, (circa 12m, P.A. North AVSE)  Control both OPEX and Capex requirements and hold accountability for the Maintenance budget, (up to circa 4m P.A. North AVSE )  Support the development of and lead elements in the implementation of project strategy.  As a member of the senior leadership team on the PFI project play a key role in the optimisation of service delivery and increased contract profitability  Lead and be accountable for an autonomous business unit with responsibility for the performance of all functions and activities to deliver budgeted outputs and standards  Support and interact when required in the daytoday relationships with Glen Water and other key stakeholders  Develop a strong inclusive relationship with our regulators Principal Responsibilities  Drive a zero incidents culture based on the fundamental belief that all incidents are preventable  Work as part of Veolia Water Scotland Leadership Team to define vision, purpose and strategy  Provide input to the Veolia Water Scotland Business Plan and strategies  Lead and motivate the PFI Teams to deliver the Business Plan targets  Manage Client and Stakeholder interfaces to meet targets  Build, manage and improve the relationships with the other key stakeholders  Ensure adherence to Veolia Water Policies and Standards Supervisory Responsibilities  Maintenance Unit Controller  ICA Engineer Capital Engineer  Approximately 12 employees Budgetary Responsibilities  Circa 12m Opex  MidLife Capex up to circa 4m Skills, Knowledge and Experience  Ability to maintain complex multisite waste water treatment PFIs  Familiarity with operation of matrix management organisations  A team leader able to build high performing teams and to develop people to realise their full potential  Encourages innovation and readily identifies opportunities for continuous improvement and best practice  Broad operational Maintenance knowledge Qualifications  Senior leadership experience in a related area  Previous budgetary responsibility of a similar size  Degree qualification in Engineering discipline  Member of Institute of Asset Management (Preferable)" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00029.txt " Operations Manager, Asset Manager and CAPEX Manager" " 72485443" " Lanesra Technical Recruitment Limited" " Operations Manager, CAPEX Manager and Asset Manager Location: Edinburgh Salary: ****pa  ****pa (Negotiable) plus excellent benefits Our client is a leading provider of comprehensive water and wastewater services to municipal and industrial customers and they have an exciting opportunity for CAPEX Manager/Operations and Asset Manager to provide both a lead and support function in the development, management and promotion of the capital expenditure and operations of the Seafield and Esk projects. Key Responsibilities  Safe and efficient Maintenance regime at all project sites with AVSE and/or North sites  Deliver efficient and commercially compliant Maintenance regime across all Waste water operational sites and assets  Focusing primarily on waste water performance as a member of the PFI senior leadership team you will also have accountability for the whole of the project commercial operation  As part of the PFI senior leadership team you will also be accountable for delivery of all financial and commercials within the contract, (circa 12m, P.A. North AVSE)  Control both OPEX and Capex requirements and hold accountability for the Maintenance budget, (up to circa 4m P.A. North AVSE )  Support the development of and lead elements in the implementation of project strategy.  As a member of the senior leadership team on the PFI project play a key role in the optimisation of service delivery and increased contract profitability  Lead and be accountable for an autonomous business unit with responsibility for the performance of all functions and activities to deliver budgeted outputs and standards  Support and interact when required in the daytoday relationships with Glen Water and other key stakeholders  Develop a strong inclusive relationship with our regulators Principal Responsibilities  Drive a zero incidents culture based on the fundamental belief that all incidents are preventable  Work as part of Veolia Water Scotland Leadership Team to define vision, purpose and strategy  Provide input to the Veolia Water Scotland Business Plan and strategies  Lead and motivate the PFI Teams to deliver the Business Plan targets  Manage Client and Stakeholder interfaces to meet targets  Build, manage and improve the relationships with the other key stakeholders  Ensure adherence to Veolia Water Policies and Standards Supervisory Responsibilities  Maintenance Unit Controller  ICA Engineer Capital Engineer  Approximately 12 employees Budgetary Responsibilities  Circa 12m Opex  MidLife Capex up to circa 4m Skills, Knowledge and Experience  Ability to maintain complex multisite waste water treatment PFIs  Familiarity with operation of matrix management organisations  A team leader able to build high performing teams and to develop people to realise their full potential  Encourages innovation and readily identifies opportunities for continuous improvement and best practice  Broad operational Maintenance knowledge Qualifications  Senior leadership experience in a related area  Previous budgetary responsibility of a similar size  Degree qualification in Engineering discipline  Member of Institute of Asset Management (Preferable)" "['operations', 'capex', 'asset', 'location', 'edinburgh', 'pa', 'pa', 'negotiable', 'benefits', 'provider', 'comprehensive', 'water', 'wastewater', 'industrial', 'customers', 'exciting', 'capex', 'operations', 'asset', 'lead', 'function', 'promotion', 'capital', 'expenditure', 'operations', 'projects', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'safe', 'efficient', 'maintenance', 'regime', 'project', 'sites', 'avse', 'north', 'sites', 'deliver', 'efficient', 'commercially', 'compliant', 'maintenance', 'regime', 'waste', 'water', 'operational', 'sites', 'assets', 'focusing', 'primarily', 'waste', 'water', 'performance', 'member', 'pfi', 'senior', 'leadership', 'accountability', 'project', 'commercial', 'operation', 'part', 'pfi', 'senior', 'leadership', 'accountable', 'delivery', 'contract', 'circa', 'north', 'avse', 'control', 'opex', 'capex', 'requirements', 'hold', 'accountability', 'maintenance', 'budget', 'circa', 'north', 'avse', 'lead', 'elements', 'implementation', 'project', 'strategy', 'member', 'senior', 'leadership', 'pfi', 'project', 'play', 'key', 'optimisation', 'delivery', 'increased', 'contract', 'profitability', 'lead', 'accountable', 'autonomous', 'unit', 'responsibility', 'performance', 'functions', 'activities', 'deliver', 'budgeted', 'outputs', 'standards', 'interact', 'daytoday', 'relationships', 'glen', 'water', 'key', 'stakeholders', 'develop', 'inclusive', 'relationship', 'regulators', 'principal', 'responsibilities', 'drive', 'incidents', 'culture', 'fundamental', 'belief', 'incidents', 'part', 'veolia', 'water', 'scotland', 'leadership', 'define', 'vision', 'purpose', 'strategy', 'input', 'veolia', 'water', 'scotland', 'plan', 'strategies', 'lead', 'motivate', 'pfi', 'teams', 'deliver', 'plan', 'targets', 'manage', 'stakeholder', 'interfaces', 'meet', 'targets', 'build', 'manage', 'improve', 'relationships', 'key', 'stakeholders', 'adherence', 'veolia', 'water', 'policies', 'standards', 'supervisory', 'responsibilities', 'maintenance', 'unit', 'controller', 'ica', 'capital', 'approximately', 'employees', 'budgetary', 'responsibilities', 'circa', 'opex', 'capex', 'circa', 'maintain', 'complex', 'waste', 'water', 'treatment', 'familiarity', 'operation', 'matrix', 'organisations', 'leader', 'build', 'performing', 'teams', 'develop', 'people', 'realise', 'potential', 'encourages', 'innovation', 'identifies', 'opportunities', 'continuous', 'improvement', 'practice', 'broad', 'operational', 'maintenance', 'qualifications', 'senior', 'leadership', 'related', 'area', 'previous', 'budgetary', 'responsibility', 'similar', 'size', 'degree', 'qualification', 'discipline', 'member', 'institute', 'asset', 'preferable']" Engineering
"Title: Territory Sales Manager
Webindex: 69689688
Company: Consult Search Selection Ltd
Description: Currently recruiting on behalf of a leading global medical devices manufacturer for a Territory Sales Manager position in the East Midlands. Our client is a market leading medical device company with an excellent reputation for developing and training staff. Due to an internal promotion, we are recruiting on their behalf for an individual with medical device sales experience to cover primarily secondary care accounts throughout the territory. The role is responsible for selling a range of disposable medical device products to clients across the Yorkshire region. You will be responsible for both account management and business development in an everincreasingly competitive marketplace. The ideal candidate will have a minimum 2 years experience selling medical devices into secondary care. You will have a proven track record in business development and have an aspiration to be the market leading salesperson in your field. Contact Rob Wilson at Consult Search Selection for further information." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00521.txt " Territory Sales Manager" " 69689688" " Consult Search Selection Ltd" " Currently recruiting on behalf of a leading global medical devices manufacturer for a Territory Sales Manager position in the East Midlands. Our client is a market leading medical device company with an excellent reputation for developing and training staff. Due to an internal promotion, we are recruiting on their behalf for an individual with medical device sales experience to cover primarily secondary care accounts throughout the territory. The role is responsible for selling a range of disposable medical device products to clients across the Yorkshire region. You will be responsible for both account management and business development in an everincreasingly competitive marketplace. The ideal candidate will have a minimum 2 years experience selling medical devices into secondary care. You will have a proven track record in business development and have an aspiration to be the market leading salesperson in your field. Contact Rob Wilson at Consult Search Selection for further information." "['recruiting', 'behalf', 'global', 'medical', 'devices', 'manufacturer', 'territory', 'east', 'midlands', 'market', 'medical', 'device', 'reputation', 'developing', 'due', 'internal', 'promotion', 'recruiting', 'behalf', 'individual', 'medical', 'device', 'cover', 'primarily', 'secondary', 'accounts', 'territory', 'responsible', 'selling', 'range', 'medical', 'device', 'products', 'yorkshire', 'region', 'responsible', 'account', 'competitive', 'marketplace', 'ideal', 'minimum', 'years', 'selling', 'medical', 'devices', 'secondary', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'market', 'salesperson', 'field', 'contact', 'rob', 'consult', 'search', 'selection', 'information']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Field Service Engineer
Webindex: 71812293
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: This well established specialist engineering company is expanding further and now require an experienced Field Sales Engineer to join their UK team. From their base in North East England, they provide engineering expertise, service and solutions for a growing range of industries around the globe including Petrochemical and Oil and Gas. You will ideally have a background with a combination of Mechanical, Electronic or Instrumental experience and a passion for Sales or Business Development would also be essential. The job can be physically demanding and will include regular travel across the UK, particularly in the Midlands and South of England. This is a fantastic opportunity for an ambitious Field Engineer to join a successful, globally established company with an unrivalled reputation. To be considered for this job you should have a degree, HNC or equivalent in Electrical / Mechanical or Instrumentation engineering, have a proven track record in an engineered product / service, Business Development experience in the mechanical products/services market or industry ideally with experience in Petrochemical, Oil and Gas or similar engineering sectors. Apply now, or Apply for further information on this role or similar Mechanical Engineering or Business Development vacancies.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T and Cs, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00118.txt " Field Service Engineer" " 71812293" " UKStaffsearch" " This well established specialist engineering company is expanding further and now require an experienced Field Sales Engineer to join their UK team. From their base in North East England, they provide engineering expertise, service and solutions for a growing range of industries around the globe including Petrochemical and Oil and Gas. You will ideally have a background with a combination of Mechanical, Electronic or Instrumental experience and a passion for Sales or Business Development would also be essential. The job can be physically demanding and will include regular travel across the UK, particularly in the Midlands and South of England. This is a fantastic opportunity for an ambitious Field Engineer to join a successful, globally established company with an unrivalled reputation. To be considered for this job you should have a degree, HNC or equivalent in Electrical / Mechanical or Instrumentation engineering, have a proven track record in an engineered product / service, Business Development experience in the mechanical products/services market or industry ideally with experience in Petrochemical, Oil and Gas or similar engineering sectors. Apply now, or Apply for further information on this role or similar Mechanical Engineering or Business Development vacancies.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T and Cs, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays" "['established', 'specialist', 'expanding', 'require', 'experienced', 'field', 'base', 'north', 'east', 'england', 'expertise', 'solutions', 'growing', 'range', 'industries', 'globe', 'petrochemical', 'oil', 'gas', 'ideally', 'background', 'combination', 'mechanical', 'electronic', 'instrumental', 'passion', 'essential', 'physically', 'demanding', 'include', 'regular', 'travel', 'midlands', 'south', 'england', 'fantastic', 'ambitious', 'field', 'globally', 'established', 'unrivalled', 'reputation', 'considered', 'degree', 'hnc', 'equivalent', 'electrical', 'mechanical', 'instrumentation', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'engineered', 'product', 'mechanical', 'products', 'market', 'industry', 'ideally', 'petrochemical', 'oil', 'gas', 'similar', 'sectors', 'information', 'similar', 'mechanical', 'vacancies', 'hays', 'specialist', 'limited', 'acts', 'employment', 'agency', 'permanent', 'employment', 'supply', 'temporary', 'workers', 'applying', 'accept', 'cs', 'privacy', 'policy', 'disclaimers', 'found', 'hays']" Engineering
"Title: Accounts Payable team Leader/Supervisor
Webindex: 69170518
Company: Parkside Recruitment   Uxbridge
Description: To supervise and lead a team in Accounts Payable. Accounts Payable is structured into various teams including Input, Reconciliations, Payments and Customer Services. To deliver reports to agencies of outstanding queries, volumes, responses, quality of invoices received from suppliers. Ensure the team meet deadlines and work within the SLA. The role requires a high level of accuracy, attention to detail to ensure work and response to queries are consistently resolved to a high standard. To be a proactive member of the Accounts Payable Management Team To provide leadership and Management of the Team, responsible for training, motivation and development of the individuals within the team. Responsible for monitoring and overseeing timely and accurate Resolution of any issues or queries raised for the team. Set the team targets and expectations on a monthly basis. Ensure all staff are proficient in clear and concise communication with agencies, customers, and internal teams. Review individual team member performance on a monthly basis, document review and copy to staff. Establish regular training sessions with team to ensure they are proficient in the most efficient mechanism to perform reconciliations Perform annual staff appraisals objective settings. Manage the Month End close in accordance to strict timetable set by Management Accounts/Head of Department. Provide relevant reports and analysis to the AP Manager such as aged creditors or ledger balances, volumes, timelines and quality of work. Manage or provide support within the capacity of Accounts Payable in the implementation of new Purchasing or Finance Systems. Set goals for all team members as appropriate. Revise goals, objectives as a result of output from reviews Assist with Internal and external Audits. Ad hoc projects as directed by the Accounts Payable Manager or Head of Department. Provide holiday and sick cover as necessary. Deliver KPI and productivity reports. In return you will receive a competitive salary and Pension. To submit an application in strict confidence, please apply only using the appropriate link Parkside Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Parkside Recruitment is an Equal Opportunities Employer. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountsPayableteamLeaderSupervisor_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00306.txt " Accounts Payable team Leader/Supervisor" " 69170518" " Parkside Recruitment   Uxbridge" " To supervise and lead a team in Accounts Payable. Accounts Payable is structured into various teams including Input, Reconciliations, Payments and Customer Services. To deliver reports to agencies of outstanding queries, volumes, responses, quality of invoices received from suppliers. Ensure the team meet deadlines and work within the SLA. The role requires a high level of accuracy, attention to detail to ensure work and response to queries are consistently resolved to a high standard. To be a proactive member of the Accounts Payable Management Team To provide leadership and Management of the Team, responsible for training, motivation and development of the individuals within the team. Responsible for monitoring and overseeing timely and accurate Resolution of any issues or queries raised for the team. Set the team targets and expectations on a monthly basis. Ensure all staff are proficient in clear and concise communication with agencies, customers, and internal teams. Review individual team member performance on a monthly basis, document review and copy to staff. Establish regular training sessions with team to ensure they are proficient in the most efficient mechanism to perform reconciliations Perform annual staff appraisals objective settings. Manage the Month End close in accordance to strict timetable set by Management Accounts/Head of Department. Provide relevant reports and analysis to the AP Manager such as aged creditors or ledger balances, volumes, timelines and quality of work. Manage or provide support within the capacity of Accounts Payable in the implementation of new Purchasing or Finance Systems. Set goals for all team members as appropriate. Revise goals, objectives as a result of output from reviews Assist with Internal and external Audits. Ad hoc projects as directed by the Accounts Payable Manager or Head of Department. Provide holiday and sick cover as necessary. Deliver KPI and productivity reports. In return you will receive a competitive salary and Pension. To submit an application in strict confidence, please apply only using the appropriate link Parkside Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Parkside Recruitment is an Equal Opportunities Employer. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountsPayableteamLeaderSupervisor_job****" "['supervise', 'lead', 'accounts', 'payable', 'accounts', 'payable', 'structured', 'teams', 'input', 'reconciliations', 'payments', 'deliver', 'reports', 'agencies', 'outstanding', 'queries', 'volumes', 'responses', 'quality', 'invoices', 'received', 'suppliers', 'meet', 'deadlines', 'sla', 'requires', 'level', 'accuracy', 'attention', 'detail', 'response', 'queries', 'consistently', 'resolved', 'standard', 'proactive', 'member', 'accounts', 'payable', 'leadership', 'responsible', 'motivation', 'individuals', 'responsible', 'monitoring', 'overseeing', 'timely', 'accurate', 'resolution', 'issues', 'queries', 'raised', 'set', 'targets', 'expectations', 'monthly', 'basis', 'proficient', 'clear', 'concise', 'communication', 'agencies', 'customers', 'internal', 'teams', 'review', 'individual', 'member', 'performance', 'monthly', 'basis', 'document', 'review', 'copy', 'establish', 'regular', 'sessions', 'proficient', 'efficient', 'mechanism', 'perform', 'reconciliations', 'perform', 'annual', 'appraisals', 'objective', 'settings', 'manage', 'month', 'end', 'close', 'accordance', 'strict', 'timetable', 'set', 'accounts', 'head', 'department', 'relevant', 'reports', 'analysis', 'aged', 'creditors', 'ledger', 'balances', 'volumes', 'timelines', 'quality', 'manage', 'capacity', 'accounts', 'payable', 'implementation', 'purchasing', 'finance', 'set', 'goals', 'members', 'goals', 'objectives', 'result', 'output', 'reviews', 'assist', 'internal', 'external', 'audits', 'ad', 'hoc', 'projects', 'directed', 'accounts', 'payable', 'head', 'department', 'holiday', 'sick', 'cover', 'deliver', 'kpi', 'productivity', 'reports', 'return', 'receive', 'competitive', 'pension', 'submit', 'application', 'strict', 'confidence', 'link', 'parkside', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'vacancy', 'parkside', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Engineering Manager
Webindex: 64216173
Company: CareerSure Recruit
Description: POSITION: Engineering Manager LOCATION: Newcastle upon Tyne SALARY: **** to **** dependent of experience REPORTING TO: General Manager North To providing comprehensive project management and general management support across a range of engineering projects from my clients Depot. To work with the General Manager and Regional Sales Engineer to grow the business and maximise all opportunities for work in the region. Manage the depot on a day to day basis to ensure it runs smoothly Act as line manager for the depot based engineers and the weekly paid operations team. This includes dealing with recruitment, absence and general employee relations issues such as disciplinaries. Main Responsibilities: To manage all engineering activity for my client s customers in the North East to ensure all contracts run smoothly, efficiently and profitably. Provide commercial and project support to the North East Division to enable budgeted results to be achieved. Effective planning, control and monitoring, both internally and direct with the client, of projects secured from the quotation stage, through negotiation to contract completion and final accounts. Produce quotes and undertake estimating for small to medium sized engineering projects once training has been provided using the Company s standard commercial approach. Effective liaison throughout the sales and order securing process and during contract works with other personnel on a national and international level Achievement of high profit levels through effective contract management, ensuring efficient utilisation of labour resources at all skill levels and disciplines, subcontractors, equipment and plant suppliers. Reporting on contract performance regularly and to standard requirements, ensuring all potential opportunities, variations and risks are identified and reported to the Engineering Manager as soon as possible. Work with engineers to define scope and methods of work Ensure contracts secured are sound commercially. Ensure a proactive approach is adopted to all existing and potential customers to build client relationships and boost market share. Ensure that customer service is prioritised at all times and good relations are maintained with the clients staff at all times. Ensure the division complies with Safety, Quality and other Company systems and procedures Carry out effective national and international liaison as required. Experience Experience in a similar engineering management role dealing with mechanical engineering projects Site experience within a manufacturing or production environment ideally within the automotive sector. Educated to an advanced technical level in a relevant engineering discipline, (eg timeserved Engineer or partqualified to HNC level or above). Strong knowledge of Mechanical or Electrical contracting" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00092.txt " Engineering Manager" " 64216173" " CareerSure Recruit" " POSITION: Engineering Manager LOCATION: Newcastle upon Tyne SALARY: **** to **** dependent of experience REPORTING TO: General Manager North To providing comprehensive project management and general management support across a range of engineering projects from my clients Depot. To work with the General Manager and Regional Sales Engineer to grow the business and maximise all opportunities for work in the region. Manage the depot on a day to day basis to ensure it runs smoothly Act as line manager for the depot based engineers and the weekly paid operations team. This includes dealing with recruitment, absence and general employee relations issues such as disciplinaries. Main Responsibilities: To manage all engineering activity for my client s customers in the North East to ensure all contracts run smoothly, efficiently and profitably. Provide commercial and project support to the North East Division to enable budgeted results to be achieved. Effective planning, control and monitoring, both internally and direct with the client, of projects secured from the quotation stage, through negotiation to contract completion and final accounts. Produce quotes and undertake estimating for small to medium sized engineering projects once training has been provided using the Company s standard commercial approach. Effective liaison throughout the sales and order securing process and during contract works with other personnel on a national and international level Achievement of high profit levels through effective contract management, ensuring efficient utilisation of labour resources at all skill levels and disciplines, subcontractors, equipment and plant suppliers. Reporting on contract performance regularly and to standard requirements, ensuring all potential opportunities, variations and risks are identified and reported to the Engineering Manager as soon as possible. Work with engineers to define scope and methods of work Ensure contracts secured are sound commercially. Ensure a proactive approach is adopted to all existing and potential customers to build client relationships and boost market share. Ensure that customer service is prioritised at all times and good relations are maintained with the clients staff at all times. Ensure the division complies with Safety, Quality and other Company systems and procedures Carry out effective national and international liaison as required. Experience Experience in a similar engineering management role dealing with mechanical engineering projects Site experience within a manufacturing or production environment ideally within the automotive sector. Educated to an advanced technical level in a relevant engineering discipline, (eg timeserved Engineer or partqualified to HNC level or above). Strong knowledge of Mechanical or Electrical contracting" "['location', 'newcastle', 'tyne', 'dependent', 'reporting', 'general', 'north', 'providing', 'comprehensive', 'project', 'general', 'range', 'projects', 'depot', 'general', 'regional', 'grow', 'maximise', 'opportunities', 'region', 'manage', 'depot', 'day', 'day', 'basis', 'runs', 'smoothly', 'act', 'line', 'depot', 'engineers', 'weekly', 'paid', 'operations', 'includes', 'dealing', 'absence', 'general', 'employee', 'relations', 'issues', 'main', 'responsibilities', 'manage', 'activity', 'customers', 'north', 'east', 'contracts', 'run', 'smoothly', 'efficiently', 'commercial', 'project', 'north', 'east', 'division', 'enable', 'budgeted', 'results', 'achieved', 'effective', 'planning', 'control', 'monitoring', 'internally', 'direct', 'projects', 'secured', 'stage', 'negotiation', 'contract', 'completion', 'final', 'accounts', 'produce', 'quotes', 'undertake', 'estimating', 'small', 'medium', 'sized', 'projects', 'provided', 'standard', 'commercial', 'approach', 'effective', 'liaison', 'order', 'securing', 'process', 'contract', 'works', 'personnel', 'national', 'international', 'level', 'achievement', 'profit', 'levels', 'effective', 'contract', 'ensuring', 'efficient', 'utilisation', 'labour', 'resources', 'skill', 'levels', 'disciplines', 'subcontractors', 'equipment', 'plant', 'suppliers', 'reporting', 'contract', 'performance', 'regularly', 'standard', 'requirements', 'ensuring', 'potential', 'opportunities', 'variations', 'risks', 'identified', 'reported', 'engineers', 'define', 'scope', 'methods', 'contracts', 'secured', 'sound', 'commercially', 'proactive', 'approach', 'adopted', 'existing', 'potential', 'customers', 'build', 'relationships', 'boost', 'market', 'share', 'prioritised', 'times', 'relations', 'maintained', 'times', 'division', 'complies', 'safety', 'quality', 'procedures', 'carry', 'effective', 'national', 'international', 'liaison', 'similar', 'dealing', 'mechanical', 'projects', 'site', 'manufacturing', 'production', 'environment', 'ideally', 'automotive', 'sector', 'educated', 'advanced', 'technical', 'level', 'relevant', 'discipline', 'timeserved', 'partqualified', 'hnc', 'level', 'mechanical', 'electrical', 'contracting']" Engineering
"Title: Registered Nurse (RMN)(N) Barchester Healthcare
Webindex: 68709313
Company: Barchester Healthcare
Description: What is expected of you as a Registered Nurse (RMN)? You are responsible to provide and supervise the delivery of high quality nursing care to residents in accordance with up to date, evidencebased professional practice and company policies. You will be responsible for leading a multidisciplinary team, supervising, training and developing care staff in providing the best quality of care to the people we support. The desire to learn and the ability to inspire your team is therefore essential. Our full time shift patterns range **** to 48 hours per week. You will be a Qualified Registered Nurse (RMN) and be registered with the NMC. Why join Barchester as a Registered Nurse (RMN)? As market leaders we place our residents first  and our people are the best. You will benefit from a wealth of experience and as a company that places a great emphasis on investing in their people; you will have the opportunity for both personal and professional development. Barchester has its own Learning and Development Academy, giving you the freedom to develop professionally and create your own career pathway  it's just a case of high do you want to climb? How we're different Barchester offers a range of diverse services, from nursing and care services for older people and people living with dementia, to accommodation, supported living and community support for children and adults with a range of different disabilities. With exposure to so many different areas of nursing, you will have the opportunity to build on your clinical skills or focus on a specialist area. Many companies offer management programmes for those already in management positions, with most nurses expected to oversee staff or resources with no management training. Barchester, however, offers management development to staff throughout their careers. These programmes ensure that all staff, particularly nurses, are constantly supported to develop their skills. Benefits include:  Competitive rates of pay  Access to a structured career development path and award winning training via the Barchester Business School which offer a range of training from NVQs to Masters Degrees  Free uniform  Generous Annual Leave Allowance  Employer contribution to a Stakeholder pension plan  Access to Barchester's Shopping Club for hundreds of savings from retail outlets also access to 'Busy Bees' Child Care Vouchers Scheme  Subsidised health and personal accident insurance  Long Service Awards  Great working environment  Employee help line to support staff in times of need Am I the right person to work for Barchester? A sound understanding of the Care Standards together with a Nursing qualification (RMN) and current NMC registration are essential for this role. You will maintain detailed and up to date knowledge of the mental health act. Nurses straight from training can join us to develop their clinical skills, or perhaps you're retired or a working parent or perhaps looking for a second income. We offer flexible shifts including part time and bank hours to suit your individual lifestyle.  NMC  Nursing Midwifery Council  www(dot)nmcuk(dot)org This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegisteredNurseRMNNBarchesterHealthcare_job****" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00569.txt " Registered Nurse (RMN)(N) Barchester Healthcare" " 68709313" " Barchester Healthcare" " What is expected of you as a Registered Nurse (RMN)? You are responsible to provide and supervise the delivery of high quality nursing care to residents in accordance with up to date, evidencebased professional practice and company policies. You will be responsible for leading a multidisciplinary team, supervising, training and developing care staff in providing the best quality of care to the people we support. The desire to learn and the ability to inspire your team is therefore essential. Our full time shift patterns range **** to 48 hours per week. You will be a Qualified Registered Nurse (RMN) and be registered with the NMC. Why join Barchester as a Registered Nurse (RMN)? As market leaders we place our residents first  and our people are the best. You will benefit from a wealth of experience and as a company that places a great emphasis on investing in their people; you will have the opportunity for both personal and professional development. Barchester has its own Learning and Development Academy, giving you the freedom to develop professionally and create your own career pathway  it's just a case of high do you want to climb? How we're different Barchester offers a range of diverse services, from nursing and care services for older people and people living with dementia, to accommodation, supported living and community support for children and adults with a range of different disabilities. With exposure to so many different areas of nursing, you will have the opportunity to build on your clinical skills or focus on a specialist area. Many companies offer management programmes for those already in management positions, with most nurses expected to oversee staff or resources with no management training. Barchester, however, offers management development to staff throughout their careers. These programmes ensure that all staff, particularly nurses, are constantly supported to develop their skills. Benefits include:  Competitive rates of pay  Access to a structured career development path and award winning training via the Barchester Business School which offer a range of training from NVQs to Masters Degrees  Free uniform  Generous Annual Leave Allowance  Employer contribution to a Stakeholder pension plan  Access to Barchester's Shopping Club for hundreds of savings from retail outlets also access to 'Busy Bees' Child Care Vouchers Scheme  Subsidised health and personal accident insurance  Long Service Awards  Great working environment  Employee help line to support staff in times of need Am I the right person to work for Barchester? A sound understanding of the Care Standards together with a Nursing qualification (RMN) and current NMC registration are essential for this role. You will maintain detailed and up to date knowledge of the mental health act. Nurses straight from training can join us to develop their clinical skills, or perhaps you're retired or a working parent or perhaps looking for a second income. We offer flexible shifts including part time and bank hours to suit your individual lifestyle.  NMC  Nursing Midwifery Council  www(dot)nmcuk(dot)org This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegisteredNurseRMNNBarchesterHealthcare_job****" "['expected', 'registered', 'nurse', 'rmn', 'responsible', 'supervise', 'delivery', 'quality', 'nursing', 'residents', 'accordance', 'date', 'evidencebased', 'professional', 'practice', 'policies', 'responsible', 'multidisciplinary', 'supervising', 'developing', 'providing', 'quality', 'people', 'desire', 'learn', 'inspire', 'essential', 'time', 'shift', 'patterns', 'range', 'hours', 'week', 'qualified', 'registered', 'nurse', 'rmn', 'registered', 'nmc', 'barchester', 'registered', 'nurse', 'rmn', 'market', 'leaders', 'place', 'residents', 'people', 'benefit', 'wealth', 'places', 'great', 'emphasis', 'investing', 'people', 'personal', 'professional', 'barchester', 'learning', 'academy', 'giving', 'freedom', 'develop', 'professionally', 'create', 'career', 'pathway', 'case', 'climb', 'barchester', 'offers', 'range', 'diverse', 'nursing', 'older', 'people', 'people', 'living', 'dementia', 'accommodation', 'supported', 'living', 'community', 'children', 'adults', 'range', 'disabilities', 'exposure', 'areas', 'nursing', 'build', 'clinical', 'focus', 'specialist', 'area', 'companies', 'offer', 'programmes', 'positions', 'nurses', 'expected', 'oversee', 'resources', 'barchester', 'offers', 'careers', 'programmes', 'nurses', 'constantly', 'supported', 'develop', 'benefits', 'include', 'competitive', 'rates', 'pay', 'access', 'structured', 'career', 'path', 'award', 'winning', 'barchester', 'school', 'offer', 'range', 'nvqs', 'masters', 'degrees', 'free', 'uniform', 'generous', 'annual', 'leave', 'allowance', 'employer', 'contribution', 'stakeholder', 'pension', 'plan', 'access', ""barchester's"", 'shopping', 'club', 'hundreds', 'savings', 'retail', 'outlets', 'access', 'busy', 'child', 'vouchers', 'scheme', 'subsidised', 'health', 'personal', 'accident', 'insurance', 'long', 'awards', 'great', 'environment', 'employee', 'line', 'times', 'person', 'barchester', 'sound', 'understanding', 'standards', 'nursing', 'qualification', 'rmn', 'current', 'nmc', 'registration', 'essential', 'maintain', 'detailed', 'date', 'mental', 'health', 'act', 'nurses', 'straight', 'develop', 'clinical', 'parent', 'income', 'offer', 'flexible', 'shifts', 'part', 'time', 'bank', 'hours', 'suit', 'individual', 'lifestyle', 'nmc', 'nursing', 'midwifery', 'council', 'www', 'dot', 'dot', 'org', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: C++, GUI  Software engineer
Webindex: 66630867
Company: Matchtech
Description: Software engineer C++ GUI  A leading multinational Electronics design and Automation company are looking for bright engineers to join their team in Nottingham. ideal for C++ engineers with engineering or scientific based development backgrounds. C++ GUI Software engineer C++ GUI  A leading multinational Electronics design and Automation company are looking for bright engineers to join their team in Nottingham. This role will be ideal for C++ engineers with engineering or scientific based development backgrounds and will involve extensive GUI development. Software engineer C++ GUI Software engineer C++ GUI This industry leader has shaped the electronic design automation software market since its inception over ****0 years ago and is looking for a C++ GUI engineer to work in an established team to work on one of their flagship products. This role will be ideally suited for C++ engineers with experience in the Scientific or engineering sector and will incorporate C++ GUI development, mathematical development and will work in a team with a broad skill set in an Agile environment. Essential Skills The following skills are essential for this role: •C++ software development •GUI development, preferably using QT. •Experience developing software on the Windows Platform. •Strong communication skills and a good team ethic are essential for this role. Desirable skills/experience. Although not essential is would be advantageous for candidates to have experience of the following: •QT framework •3d GUI development •Mathematics, Computational fluid dynamics (CFD) or solid modelling using ACIS. •Experience working in an Agile Team •CAD or CAD systems experience would be advantageous. •Development experience in a Unix environment. In addition to the salary on offer this role offers comprehensive benefits package and the opportunity for skills training and, if desired management training as well. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00158.txt " C++, GUI  Software engineer" " 66630867" " Matchtech" " Software engineer C++ GUI  A leading multinational Electronics design and Automation company are looking for bright engineers to join their team in Nottingham. ideal for C++ engineers with engineering or scientific based development backgrounds. C++ GUI Software engineer C++ GUI  A leading multinational Electronics design and Automation company are looking for bright engineers to join their team in Nottingham. This role will be ideal for C++ engineers with engineering or scientific based development backgrounds and will involve extensive GUI development. Software engineer C++ GUI Software engineer C++ GUI This industry leader has shaped the electronic design automation software market since its inception over ****0 years ago and is looking for a C++ GUI engineer to work in an established team to work on one of their flagship products. This role will be ideally suited for C++ engineers with experience in the Scientific or engineering sector and will incorporate C++ GUI development, mathematical development and will work in a team with a broad skill set in an Agile environment. Essential Skills The following skills are essential for this role: •C++ software development •GUI development, preferably using QT. •Experience developing software on the Windows Platform. •Strong communication skills and a good team ethic are essential for this role. Desirable skills/experience. Although not essential is would be advantageous for candidates to have experience of the following: •QT framework •3d GUI development •Mathematics, Computational fluid dynamics (CFD) or solid modelling using ACIS. •Experience working in an Agile Team •CAD or CAD systems experience would be advantageous. •Development experience in a Unix environment. In addition to the salary on offer this role offers comprehensive benefits package and the opportunity for skills training and, if desired management training as well. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy." "['software', 'gui', 'multinational', 'electronics', 'automation', 'bright', 'engineers', 'nottingham', 'ideal', 'engineers', 'scientific', 'backgrounds', 'gui', 'software', 'gui', 'multinational', 'electronics', 'automation', 'bright', 'engineers', 'nottingham', 'ideal', 'engineers', 'scientific', 'backgrounds', 'involve', 'extensive', 'gui', 'software', 'gui', 'software', 'gui', 'industry', 'leader', 'electronic', 'automation', 'software', 'market', 'inception', 'years', 'ago', 'gui', 'established', 'products', 'ideally', 'suited', 'engineers', 'scientific', 'sector', 'incorporate', 'gui', 'mathematical', 'broad', 'skill', 'set', 'agile', 'environment', 'essential', 'essential', 'software', 'gui', 'preferably', 'qt', 'developing', 'software', 'windows', 'platform', 'communication', 'ethic', 'essential', 'desirable', 'essential', 'advantageous', 'candidates', 'qt', 'framework', 'gui', 'mathematics', 'computational', 'fluid', 'dynamics', 'solid', 'modelling', 'agile', 'cad', 'cad', 'advantageous', 'unix', 'environment', 'addition', 'offer', 'offers', 'comprehensive', 'benefits', 'package', 'desired', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'live', 'matchtech', 'acting', 'employment', 'relation', 'vacancy']" Engineering
"Title: NHS Performer Dentists
Webindex: 71295925
Company: Dental Elite
Description: NHS Dentists Required Across the UK Dental Elite work with many dental practices, both independently owned and corporate, who are looking for dentists with NHS performer numbers to join their teams. Positions are available across the UK, with varying packages available. If you have an NHS performer number, and are looking for a new Dentist position, please do get in touch. We may have the perfect position waiting for you" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00606.txt " NHS Performer Dentists" " 71295925" " Dental Elite" " NHS Dentists Required Across the UK Dental Elite work with many dental practices, both independently owned and corporate, who are looking for dentists with NHS performer numbers to join their teams. Positions are available across the UK, with varying packages available. If you have an NHS performer number, and are looking for a new Dentist position, please do get in touch. We may have the perfect position waiting for you" "['nhs', 'dentists', 'dental', 'elite', 'dental', 'practices', 'independently', 'owned', 'corporate', 'dentists', 'nhs', 'performer', 'numbers', 'teams', 'positions', 'varying', 'packages', 'nhs', 'performer', 'number', 'touch', 'perfect']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Management Accountant
Webindex: 70656648
Company: Alexander Lloyd
Description: Our client offers a interesting opportunity for a Part Qualified/Finalist/ Qualified ACCA/ CIMA Management Accountant for a Charity based in Surrey The Role Preparing accurate and timely monthly management accounts Preparing and posting monthly accruals, prepayments, deferred and accrued income and other monthend journal Assisting in the preparation of the annual budget process and yearend audits Managing the fixed asset register and posting depreciation Ad hoc project analysis ' The Person Essentially you will be PQ/ Finalist/ Qualified ACA/ ACCA/ CIMA with experience in a similar role. Strong I.T skills including Excel are a must. The Benefits Our client is offering a varied and interesting role with a basic salary up to ****k plus benefits. EJR1301154 Management Accountant is only one of many vacancies we are handling. Alexander Lloyd Finance and Accountancy is the leading recruiter of partqualified Accountants, Financial and Management Accountants, Financial Controllers, and Finance Directors across Surrey, Sussex, London and Kent. Due to the high amount of interest that we receive for each of our roles unfortunately we cannot respond to each application individually, therefore if you do not hear back from one of our consultants you have not been shortlisted for this role. Please continue to check our website www.alexanderlloyd.co.uk for any other roles which may be of interest." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00236.txt " Management Accountant" " 70656648" " Alexander Lloyd" " Our client offers a interesting opportunity for a Part Qualified/Finalist/ Qualified ACCA/ CIMA Management Accountant for a Charity based in Surrey The Role Preparing accurate and timely monthly management accounts Preparing and posting monthly accruals, prepayments, deferred and accrued income and other monthend journal Assisting in the preparation of the annual budget process and yearend audits Managing the fixed asset register and posting depreciation Ad hoc project analysis ' The Person Essentially you will be PQ/ Finalist/ Qualified ACA/ ACCA/ CIMA with experience in a similar role. Strong I.T skills including Excel are a must. The Benefits Our client is offering a varied and interesting role with a basic salary up to ****k plus benefits. EJR1301154 Management Accountant is only one of many vacancies we are handling. Alexander Lloyd Finance and Accountancy is the leading recruiter of partqualified Accountants, Financial and Management Accountants, Financial Controllers, and Finance Directors across Surrey, Sussex, London and Kent. Due to the high amount of interest that we receive for each of our roles unfortunately we cannot respond to each application individually, therefore if you do not hear back from one of our consultants you have not been shortlisted for this role. Please continue to check our website www.alexanderlloyd.co.uk for any other roles which may be of interest." "['offers', 'interesting', 'part', 'qualified', 'finalist', 'qualified', 'acca', 'cima', 'accountant', 'charity', 'surrey', 'preparing', 'accurate', 'timely', 'monthly', 'accounts', 'preparing', 'posting', 'monthly', 'accruals', 'prepayments', 'income', 'journal', 'assisting', 'preparation', 'annual', 'budget', 'process', 'yearend', 'audits', 'managing', 'fixed', 'asset', 'register', 'posting', 'ad', 'hoc', 'project', 'analysis', 'person', 'essentially', 'pq', 'finalist', 'qualified', 'aca', 'acca', 'cima', 'similar', 'excel', 'benefits', 'offering', 'varied', 'interesting', 'basic', 'benefits', 'accountant', 'vacancies', 'handling', 'lloyd', 'finance', 'accountancy', 'recruiter', 'partqualified', 'accountants', 'accountants', 'controllers', 'finance', 'directors', 'surrey', 'sussex', 'london', 'kent', 'due', 'amount', 'interest', 'receive', 'roles', 'respond', 'application', 'individually', 'hear', 'back', 'consultants', 'shortlisted', 'continue', 'check', 'website', 'www', 'roles', 'interest']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Trainee Recruitment Consultant
Webindex: 69170925
Company: E Synergy Solutions Ltd
Description: WELL KNOWN IN THE INDUSTRY FOR PAYING HIGH COMMISSION AND OFFERING GREAT BENEFITS AND INCENTIVES If your present position does not allow you huge incomes, move to positions that do. Hungry, dynamic, motivated candidates who want to be successful in sales and earn large commission cheques apply now. eSynergy solutions is a dynamic I.T. Recruitment business set up by Three Directors back in ****. Since ****01 the company has grown into being one of the top I.T. Recruitment firms in the city with an impressive array of clients. We attract the some of the top sales talent to work for the Company by offering competitive packages, superb career prospects and progression, extensive training and mentoring scheme in a vibrant and extremely busy market place. In our opinion we provide you with all the tools you need to succeed. The rest is down to you. Personality traits Confident individuals who believe in their own abilities. Someone who is comfortable selling face to face and on the phone alike. Someone who has experience of working in a role very similar to Recruitment. Someone who can demonstrate they have gone the extra mile to achieve success. Someone who will stay until the work is completed. This certainly isn't a **** job Someone who is willing to make personal sacrifices to further their career. Someone who can demonstrate they have a real competitive streak and a burning desire to be the best. Someone that can make you smile when you meet them face to face or on the phone. It is important in Sales that people enjoy dealing with you. Individuals who can show they have worked in a KPI driven, stressful, demanding environment in the past. The role (Our expectations) Pass our 20 module training passport To fully understand the recruitment lifecycle from candidate search and selection, lead generation, to pitching, winning and writing new business. Integrate well into the team To have hit your target and made your first eSynergy High Achiever's 'Lunch Club' To have fully understood the technology you recruit for and presented to the Company about your knowledge Demonstrate understanding of professional selling skills able to sell exclusivity/meetings/interview slots to candidates. Demonstrate a understanding of their own business and have the ability to be able to forecast results/understand future recruitment plans of their clients. Conduct effective negotiations with candidates and clients If you are up for a challenge, you want to work with some young, dynamic, driven and money motivated individuals in a vibrant sales environment then eSynergy Solutions is for you and we look forward to honing your skills and watching you grow into our next top billing consultant. We are interested in speaking to people that come with Telesales, New Business Development, Field Sales, IT sales, B2B sales, Door to Door sales and telemarketing experience. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TraineeRecruitmentConsultant_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00624.txt " Trainee Recruitment Consultant" " 69170925" " E Synergy Solutions Ltd" " WELL KNOWN IN THE INDUSTRY FOR PAYING HIGH COMMISSION AND OFFERING GREAT BENEFITS AND INCENTIVES If your present position does not allow you huge incomes, move to positions that do. Hungry, dynamic, motivated candidates who want to be successful in sales and earn large commission cheques apply now. eSynergy solutions is a dynamic I.T. Recruitment business set up by Three Directors back in ****. Since ****01 the company has grown into being one of the top I.T. Recruitment firms in the city with an impressive array of clients. We attract the some of the top sales talent to work for the Company by offering competitive packages, superb career prospects and progression, extensive training and mentoring scheme in a vibrant and extremely busy market place. In our opinion we provide you with all the tools you need to succeed. The rest is down to you. Personality traits Confident individuals who believe in their own abilities. Someone who is comfortable selling face to face and on the phone alike. Someone who has experience of working in a role very similar to Recruitment. Someone who can demonstrate they have gone the extra mile to achieve success. Someone who will stay until the work is completed. This certainly isn't a **** job Someone who is willing to make personal sacrifices to further their career. Someone who can demonstrate they have a real competitive streak and a burning desire to be the best. Someone that can make you smile when you meet them face to face or on the phone. It is important in Sales that people enjoy dealing with you. Individuals who can show they have worked in a KPI driven, stressful, demanding environment in the past. The role (Our expectations) Pass our 20 module training passport To fully understand the recruitment lifecycle from candidate search and selection, lead generation, to pitching, winning and writing new business. Integrate well into the team To have hit your target and made your first eSynergy High Achiever's 'Lunch Club' To have fully understood the technology you recruit for and presented to the Company about your knowledge Demonstrate understanding of professional selling skills able to sell exclusivity/meetings/interview slots to candidates. Demonstrate a understanding of their own business and have the ability to be able to forecast results/understand future recruitment plans of their clients. Conduct effective negotiations with candidates and clients If you are up for a challenge, you want to work with some young, dynamic, driven and money motivated individuals in a vibrant sales environment then eSynergy Solutions is for you and we look forward to honing your skills and watching you grow into our next top billing consultant. We are interested in speaking to people that come with Telesales, New Business Development, Field Sales, IT sales, B2B sales, Door to Door sales and telemarketing experience. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TraineeRecruitmentConsultant_job****" "['industry', 'paying', 'commission', 'offering', 'great', 'benefits', 'incentives', 'present', 'huge', 'move', 'positions', 'hungry', 'dynamic', 'motivated', 'candidates', 'earn', 'large', 'commission', 'cheques', 'esynergy', 'solutions', 'dynamic', 'set', 'directors', 'back', 'grown', 'top', 'firms', 'city', 'impressive', 'array', 'attract', 'top', 'talent', 'offering', 'competitive', 'packages', 'superb', 'career', 'prospects', 'progression', 'extensive', 'mentoring', 'scheme', 'vibrant', 'extremely', 'busy', 'market', 'place', 'opinion', 'tools', 'succeed', 'rest', 'personality', 'confident', 'individuals', 'abilities', 'comfortable', 'selling', 'face', 'face', 'phone', 'alike', 'similar', 'demonstrate', 'extra', 'mile', 'achieve', 'success', 'stay', 'completed', 'make', 'personal', 'career', 'demonstrate', 'real', 'competitive', 'desire', 'make', 'meet', 'face', 'face', 'phone', 'important', 'people', 'enjoy', 'dealing', 'individuals', 'show', 'worked', 'kpi', 'driven', 'stressful', 'demanding', 'environment', 'past', 'expectations', 'pass', 'module', 'passport', 'fully', 'understand', 'lifecycle', 'search', 'selection', 'lead', 'generation', 'pitching', 'winning', 'writing', 'integrate', 'hit', 'target', 'made', 'esynergy', 'lunch', 'club', 'fully', 'understood', 'technology', 'recruit', 'presented', 'demonstrate', 'understanding', 'professional', 'selling', 'sell', 'meetings', 'interview', 'candidates', 'demonstrate', 'understanding', 'forecast', 'results', 'understand', 'future', 'plans', 'conduct', 'effective', 'candidates', 'challenge', 'young', 'dynamic', 'driven', 'money', 'motivated', 'individuals', 'vibrant', 'environment', 'esynergy', 'solutions', 'forward', 'honing', 'grow', 'top', 'billing', 'consultant', 'interested', 'speaking', 'people', 'telesales', 'field', 'door', 'door', 'telemarketing', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Senior Sister  Convalescence and Rehabilitation  Tunbridge Wells
Webindex: 71609787
Company: JP Recruitment
Description: Excellent opportunity for a Senior Sister to join a private independent hospital based in a stunning location in Kent.My Client has a 40 bedded hospital which offers the highest level of clinical and compassionate care to ensure patient achieve the best possible outcomes, whether it is for counselling, post operative care, rehabilitation, palliative and respite care or end of life care. There is also an Outpatient Department for physiotherapy, counselling, hydrotherapy and medical consultations. A guest house is situated on the hospital grounds for rest and personal retreat.The hospital offers the following services: Intensive rehabilitation, respite care and postoperative care. Short and longer term palliative care with expert symptom control. Confidence and expertise in the treatment of CFS/ME. Shortterm intensive counselling. Expert spiritual and emotional care. Fasttrack admissions when possible.Role PurposeIn conjunction with the Director of Nursing to ensure the highest possible quality of physical, psychological, spiritual and social nursing care for patients and support for their relatives.Key Duties & Responsibilities To ensure that a high standard of patient care is provided by an experienced and effective team in accordance with internal and external guide lines. To maintain regular patient contact by working in a clinical role for ****/**** of working hours, including taking nurseincharge responsibilities. To liaise with all patients regularly during their stay to ensure that the agreed plan of care is being delivered appropriately. To be available to ‘troubleshoot’ patients’ problems and seek early resolution if possible. Where early resolution is not possible, to consult with Director of Nursing. To participate in the investigation of formal complaints, when asked to do so by the Director of Nursing.Nursing Team To deputise for the Director of Nursing in her absence. To support the nurses, ensuring that staff are enabled and equipped to perform their roles efficiently, competently and professionally, referring them to Director of Nursing/HR as appropriate. To ensure excellent induction and orientation of new staff. To conduct annual reviews for senior nursing staff, and oversee the senior staff appraising members of their teams. To facilitate regular meetings of the nursing team to maintain morale and provide a forum for the sharing of views and ideas. To work with the Director of Nursing and the HR department to recruit and retain nursing staff and ensure appropriate mentorship and induction of new staff. To ensure appropriate staffing levels at all times.Education and Training To contribute to a programme of inservice training and to motivate learning and teaching amongst all members of the nursing team. To be responsible for overseeing induction and orientation of new staff, and carrying out probationary reviews. To maintain an awareness of existing and ongoing best practice, evidencebased practice and developments in healthcare, implementing change where appropriate To facilitate professional development, enabling each member of the nursing team to develop skills and gifts appropriate to their abilities within the team, in order to ensure high quality nursing care.Other responsibilities To attend and contribute to admissions meetings, care team management meetings and other care team meetings as appropriate. To manage and develop the volunteers attached to the nursing team, providing support, and to conduct their probationary and annual reviews. To be on call for the nursing team within an agreed rota, in conjunction with the Director of Nursing and Sister. To follow all agreed policies and procedures and statutory regulations relating to the custody and administration of drugs. To ensure that internal and external policies and procedures, protocols and statutory regulations are adhered to. To lead the Infection Control work of the clinical team, ensuring appropriate training for all staff and that policies and procedures are updated in line with national guidelines. To maintain a flexible approach to working demands and be willing to take on additional tasks that may from time to time arise.The working hours are 37.**** hours per week and it is expected that the postholder will work one weekend in three (on a rotational basis) and one late shift per week. You will be required to have the following essential skills and qualifications: Registration with Nursing and Midwifery Council (NMC) 5 year’s postregistration experience within a surgical or Medical environment in the UK Excellent communication, interpersonal and leadership skills Professional attitude and caring disposition ENB 998/or equivalent qualification This is an excellent opportunity for Senior RGN's with broadbased nursing experience to utilise their acquired knowledge within a hospital environment. RGN’s with Nursing Home experience will also be considered for this role.A highly competitive salary circa **** along with excellent benefits package (including private healthcare, contributory pension, life assurance, free parking, subsidised meals and firstclass training opportunities), awaits successful applicants.For more information please contact Holly Brace at JP Recruit on **** **** or **** **** **** Alternatively please email hollyjprec.co.uk" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00438.txt " Senior Sister  Convalescence and Rehabilitation  Tunbridge Wells" " 71609787" " JP Recruitment" " Excellent opportunity for a Senior Sister to join a private independent hospital based in a stunning location in Kent.My Client has a 40 bedded hospital which offers the highest level of clinical and compassionate care to ensure patient achieve the best possible outcomes, whether it is for counselling, post operative care, rehabilitation, palliative and respite care or end of life care. There is also an Outpatient Department for physiotherapy, counselling, hydrotherapy and medical consultations. A guest house is situated on the hospital grounds for rest and personal retreat.The hospital offers the following services: Intensive rehabilitation, respite care and postoperative care. Short and longer term palliative care with expert symptom control. Confidence and expertise in the treatment of CFS/ME. Shortterm intensive counselling. Expert spiritual and emotional care. Fasttrack admissions when possible.Role PurposeIn conjunction with the Director of Nursing to ensure the highest possible quality of physical, psychological, spiritual and social nursing care for patients and support for their relatives.Key Duties & Responsibilities To ensure that a high standard of patient care is provided by an experienced and effective team in accordance with internal and external guide lines. To maintain regular patient contact by working in a clinical role for ****/**** of working hours, including taking nurseincharge responsibilities. To liaise with all patients regularly during their stay to ensure that the agreed plan of care is being delivered appropriately. To be available to ‘troubleshoot’ patients’ problems and seek early resolution if possible. Where early resolution is not possible, to consult with Director of Nursing. To participate in the investigation of formal complaints, when asked to do so by the Director of Nursing.Nursing Team To deputise for the Director of Nursing in her absence. To support the nurses, ensuring that staff are enabled and equipped to perform their roles efficiently, competently and professionally, referring them to Director of Nursing/HR as appropriate. To ensure excellent induction and orientation of new staff. To conduct annual reviews for senior nursing staff, and oversee the senior staff appraising members of their teams. To facilitate regular meetings of the nursing team to maintain morale and provide a forum for the sharing of views and ideas. To work with the Director of Nursing and the HR department to recruit and retain nursing staff and ensure appropriate mentorship and induction of new staff. To ensure appropriate staffing levels at all times.Education and Training To contribute to a programme of inservice training and to motivate learning and teaching amongst all members of the nursing team. To be responsible for overseeing induction and orientation of new staff, and carrying out probationary reviews. To maintain an awareness of existing and ongoing best practice, evidencebased practice and developments in healthcare, implementing change where appropriate To facilitate professional development, enabling each member of the nursing team to develop skills and gifts appropriate to their abilities within the team, in order to ensure high quality nursing care.Other responsibilities To attend and contribute to admissions meetings, care team management meetings and other care team meetings as appropriate. To manage and develop the volunteers attached to the nursing team, providing support, and to conduct their probationary and annual reviews. To be on call for the nursing team within an agreed rota, in conjunction with the Director of Nursing and Sister. To follow all agreed policies and procedures and statutory regulations relating to the custody and administration of drugs. To ensure that internal and external policies and procedures, protocols and statutory regulations are adhered to. To lead the Infection Control work of the clinical team, ensuring appropriate training for all staff and that policies and procedures are updated in line with national guidelines. To maintain a flexible approach to working demands and be willing to take on additional tasks that may from time to time arise.The working hours are 37.**** hours per week and it is expected that the postholder will work one weekend in three (on a rotational basis) and one late shift per week. You will be required to have the following essential skills and qualifications: Registration with Nursing and Midwifery Council (NMC) 5 year’s postregistration experience within a surgical or Medical environment in the UK Excellent communication, interpersonal and leadership skills Professional attitude and caring disposition ENB 998/or equivalent qualification This is an excellent opportunity for Senior RGN's with broadbased nursing experience to utilise their acquired knowledge within a hospital environment. RGN’s with Nursing Home experience will also be considered for this role.A highly competitive salary circa **** along with excellent benefits package (including private healthcare, contributory pension, life assurance, free parking, subsidised meals and firstclass training opportunities), awaits successful applicants.For more information please contact Holly Brace at JP Recruit on **** **** or **** **** **** Alternatively please email hollyjprec.co.uk" "['senior', 'sister', 'private', 'independent', 'hospital', 'stunning', 'location', 'kent', 'bedded', 'hospital', 'offers', 'highest', 'level', 'clinical', 'compassionate', 'patient', 'achieve', 'outcomes', 'counselling', 'post', 'operative', 'rehabilitation', 'palliative', 'respite', 'end', 'life', 'outpatient', 'department', 'physiotherapy', 'counselling', 'medical', 'consultations', 'guest', 'house', 'situated', 'hospital', 'grounds', 'rest', 'personal', 'hospital', 'offers', 'intensive', 'rehabilitation', 'respite', 'short', 'longer', 'term', 'palliative', 'expert', 'control', 'confidence', 'expertise', 'treatment', 'intensive', 'counselling', 'expert', 'spiritual', 'emotional', 'fasttrack', 'admissions', 'conjunction', 'director', 'nursing', 'highest', 'quality', 'physical', 'psychological', 'spiritual', 'social', 'nursing', 'patients', 'relatives', 'key', 'duties', 'responsibilities', 'standard', 'patient', 'provided', 'experienced', 'effective', 'accordance', 'internal', 'external', 'guide', 'lines', 'maintain', 'regular', 'patient', 'contact', 'clinical', 'hours', 'taking', 'responsibilities', 'liaise', 'patients', 'regularly', 'stay', 'agreed', 'plan', 'delivered', 'appropriately', 'troubleshoot', 'patients', 'problems', 'seek', 'early', 'resolution', 'early', 'resolution', 'consult', 'director', 'nursing', 'participate', 'investigation', 'formal', 'complaints', 'asked', 'director', 'nursing', 'nursing', 'deputise', 'director', 'nursing', 'absence', 'nurses', 'ensuring', 'enabled', 'equipped', 'perform', 'roles', 'efficiently', 'competently', 'professionally', 'referring', 'director', 'nursing', 'hr', 'induction', 'orientation', 'conduct', 'annual', 'reviews', 'senior', 'nursing', 'oversee', 'senior', 'appraising', 'members', 'teams', 'facilitate', 'regular', 'meetings', 'nursing', 'maintain', 'morale', 'forum', 'sharing', 'views', 'ideas', 'director', 'nursing', 'hr', 'department', 'recruit', 'retain', 'nursing', 'mentorship', 'induction', 'staffing', 'levels', 'times', 'education', 'contribute', 'programme', 'inservice', 'motivate', 'learning', 'teaching', 'members', 'nursing', 'responsible', 'overseeing', 'induction', 'orientation', 'carrying', 'probationary', 'reviews', 'maintain', 'awareness', 'existing', 'ongoing', 'practice', 'evidencebased', 'practice', 'developments', 'healthcare', 'implementing', 'change', 'facilitate', 'professional', 'enabling', 'member', 'nursing', 'develop', 'abilities', 'order', 'quality', 'nursing', 'responsibilities', 'attend', 'contribute', 'admissions', 'meetings', 'meetings', 'meetings', 'manage', 'develop', 'volunteers', 'attached', 'nursing', 'providing', 'conduct', 'probationary', 'annual', 'reviews', 'call', 'nursing', 'agreed', 'rota', 'conjunction', 'director', 'nursing', 'sister', 'follow', 'agreed', 'policies', 'procedures', 'statutory', 'regulations', 'relating', 'custody', 'administration', 'drugs', 'internal', 'external', 'policies', 'procedures', 'protocols', 'statutory', 'regulations', 'adhered', 'lead', 'infection', 'control', 'clinical', 'ensuring', 'policies', 'procedures', 'updated', 'line', 'national', 'guidelines', 'maintain', 'flexible', 'approach', 'demands', 'additional', 'tasks', 'time', 'time', 'arise', 'hours', 'hours', 'week', 'expected', 'postholder', 'weekend', 'basis', 'late', 'shift', 'week', 'essential', 'qualifications', 'registration', 'nursing', 'midwifery', 'council', 'nmc', 'year', 'postregistration', 'surgical', 'medical', 'environment', 'communication', 'interpersonal', 'leadership', 'professional', 'attitude', 'caring', 'disposition', 'enb', 'equivalent', 'qualification', 'senior', ""rgn's"", 'nursing', 'utilise', 'acquired', 'hospital', 'environment', 'rgn', 'nursing', 'considered', 'highly', 'competitive', 'circa', 'benefits', 'package', 'private', 'healthcare', 'contributory', 'pension', 'life', 'assurance', 'free', 'parking', 'subsidised', 'meals', 'firstclass', 'opportunities', 'applicants', 'information', 'contact', 'holly', 'brace', 'jp', 'recruit', 'alternatively', 'email', 'hollyjprec']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: GRADUATE SALES EXECUTIVE / GRADUATE ACCOUNT MANAGER
Webindex: 69086048
Description: GRADUATE SALES EXECUTIVE / GRADUATE ACCOUNT MANAGERSector: Sports ApparelLocation: SheffieldSalary: **** basic salary OTE **** 1st year uncappedWell established branded sports apparel  over 15 years agoBespoke services offered for unique sportswearMulti million pound organisation Face to face client visitsThe Role: As a graduate sales executive you will be asked to demonstrate a professional, consultative approach and an affinity with the sports sector. Our client is keen to meet people who have excelled in sport at club level, have been involved in club management at University or have experience in retail sales. This is a fantastic opportunity to commence a career in a fast moving industry with a dynamic, forward thinking company.The Company: This privately owned company manufacture a bespoke range of club and team sports kits. They sell to the public and private sector and their clients include schools, universities, local education authorities and private sports clubs. The also sell a range of off the shelf products to independent retailers. Your aim will be to manage approximately **** accounts in the north west of England. You will also be targeted on opening and developing new accounts in the private sector.Responsibilities as a Graduate Sales Executive will include:Account ManagementPresenting new product linesConducting range reviews with existing customersContinual training throughout your first 18 monthsFor this Graduate Account Manager position, we are looking for individuals who meet the following criteria:Educated to degree levelExcellent verbal and communication skillsAmbitious, driven and target orientatedInterested in all sportsStrong work ethicExcellent personal presentationAbility to build rapportThe Package for this Graduate sales role:**** basic salary OTE **** 1st year uncappedPensionCarMobileLaptop23 days holidayAbout BMS Graduate Recruitment LLP: BMS Graduate Recruitment specialises in graduate jobs and specifically graduates sales. We focus on graduate assessment, placement and sales training. Established in 1990, we've developed a brand synonymous with sales recruitment and training by working with a prestigious client base of UK and global companies. We have a national coverage and a network of **** regional offices. Please visit our website at www.bmsgraduates.com or call Sharon Wright on **** ****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00623.txt " GRADUATE SALES EXECUTIVE / GRADUATE ACCOUNT MANAGER" " 69086048"  " GRADUATE SALES EXECUTIVE / GRADUATE ACCOUNT MANAGERSector: Sports ApparelLocation: SheffieldSalary: **** basic salary OTE **** 1st year uncappedWell established branded sports apparel  over 15 years agoBespoke services offered for unique sportswearMulti million pound organisation Face to face client visitsThe Role: As a graduate sales executive you will be asked to demonstrate a professional, consultative approach and an affinity with the sports sector. Our client is keen to meet people who have excelled in sport at club level, have been involved in club management at University or have experience in retail sales. This is a fantastic opportunity to commence a career in a fast moving industry with a dynamic, forward thinking company.The Company: This privately owned company manufacture a bespoke range of club and team sports kits. They sell to the public and private sector and their clients include schools, universities, local education authorities and private sports clubs. The also sell a range of off the shelf products to independent retailers. Your aim will be to manage approximately **** accounts in the north west of England. You will also be targeted on opening and developing new accounts in the private sector.Responsibilities as a Graduate Sales Executive will include:Account ManagementPresenting new product linesConducting range reviews with existing customersContinual training throughout your first 18 monthsFor this Graduate Account Manager position, we are looking for individuals who meet the following criteria:Educated to degree levelExcellent verbal and communication skillsAmbitious, driven and target orientatedInterested in all sportsStrong work ethicExcellent personal presentationAbility to build rapportThe Package for this Graduate sales role:**** basic salary OTE **** 1st year uncappedPensionCarMobileLaptop23 days holidayAbout BMS Graduate Recruitment LLP: BMS Graduate Recruitment specialises in graduate jobs and specifically graduates sales. We focus on graduate assessment, placement and sales training. Established in 1990, we've developed a brand synonymous with sales recruitment and training by working with a prestigious client base of UK and global companies. We have a national coverage and a network of **** regional offices. Please visit our website at www.bmsgraduates.com or call Sharon Wright on **** ****" "['graduate', 'executive', 'graduate', 'account', 'sports', 'basic', 'ote', 'st', 'year', 'established', 'branded', 'sports', 'years', 'offered', 'unique', 'million', 'pound', 'organisation', 'face', 'face', 'graduate', 'executive', 'asked', 'demonstrate', 'professional', 'consultative', 'approach', 'affinity', 'sports', 'sector', 'keen', 'meet', 'people', 'excelled', 'sport', 'club', 'level', 'involved', 'club', 'university', 'retail', 'fantastic', 'commence', 'career', 'fast', 'moving', 'industry', 'dynamic', 'forward', 'thinking', 'privately', 'owned', 'manufacture', 'bespoke', 'range', 'club', 'sports', 'kits', 'sell', 'public', 'private', 'sector', 'include', 'schools', 'universities', 'local', 'education', 'authorities', 'private', 'sports', 'sell', 'range', 'products', 'independent', 'retailers', 'aim', 'manage', 'approximately', 'accounts', 'north', 'west', 'england', 'targeted', 'opening', 'developing', 'accounts', 'private', 'sector', 'responsibilities', 'graduate', 'executive', 'include', 'account', 'product', 'range', 'reviews', 'existing', 'graduate', 'account', 'individuals', 'meet', 'criteria', 'educated', 'degree', 'verbal', 'communication', 'driven', 'target', 'personal', 'build', 'package', 'graduate', 'basic', 'ote', 'st', 'year', 'days', 'bms', 'graduate', 'llp', 'bms', 'graduate', 'specialises', 'graduate', 'jobs', 'specifically', 'graduates', 'focus', 'graduate', 'assessment', 'placement', 'established', 'developed', 'brand', 'synonymous', 'prestigious', 'base', 'global', 'companies', 'national', 'coverage', 'network', 'regional', 'offices', 'visit', 'website', 'www', 'bmsgraduates', 'call', 'sharon', 'wright']" Sales
"Title: CARE ASSISTANT
Webindex: 67444373
Company: Exemplar Health Care
Description: A 20 bedded home for young adults with complex mental health needs. You will provide service users with the highest standard of basic care and support ensuring confidentiality and promoting the reputation of the home. Act as key worker and assist service users to carry out activities of daily living. Providing assistance with meal times and serving of meals. Assisting to maintain environmental cleanliness including bed changing and making. Participation in the programme of activities for service users. Assisting nursing staff with on going assessments of service users. Must be conscientious, hardworking, good at communicating. NVQ or equivalent desirable but not essential. Successful applicants are required to provide an enhanced disclosure. Disclosure expense will be met by employer. Telephone **** ****" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00498.txt " CARE ASSISTANT" " 67444373" " Exemplar Health Care" " A 20 bedded home for young adults with complex mental health needs. You will provide service users with the highest standard of basic care and support ensuring confidentiality and promoting the reputation of the home. Act as key worker and assist service users to carry out activities of daily living. Providing assistance with meal times and serving of meals. Assisting to maintain environmental cleanliness including bed changing and making. Participation in the programme of activities for service users. Assisting nursing staff with on going assessments of service users. Must be conscientious, hardworking, good at communicating. NVQ or equivalent desirable but not essential. Successful applicants are required to provide an enhanced disclosure. Disclosure expense will be met by employer. Telephone **** ****" "['bedded', 'young', 'adults', 'complex', 'mental', 'health', 'users', 'highest', 'standard', 'basic', 'ensuring', 'confidentiality', 'promoting', 'reputation', 'act', 'key', 'worker', 'assist', 'users', 'carry', 'activities', 'daily', 'living', 'providing', 'assistance', 'meal', 'times', 'serving', 'meals', 'assisting', 'maintain', 'environmental', 'cleanliness', 'bed', 'changing', 'making', 'participation', 'programme', 'activities', 'users', 'assisting', 'nursing', 'assessments', 'users', 'hardworking', 'communicating', 'nvq', 'equivalent', 'desirable', 'essential', 'applicants', 'enhanced', 'disclosure', 'disclosure', 'expense', 'met', 'employer', 'telephone']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Field Sales Executive  Derby
Webindex: 70256074
Company: First Selection
Description: Field Sales Executive ****k  ****k OTE  Car, Mobile, Ipad etc Derby Do you want to work for one of the largest Regional News Media Owners across the UK? Do you have a solid background in B2B field sales from the Digital Media Advertising industry? If you are highly motivated by commission and success and have a passion for this sector, this role could be for you My client offer an established and recognised Media brand across the UK and due to continued product expansion, they seek an experienced Field Sales Executive to join their team. Focusing initially with new business clients, the role is to bring in revenue and act as an account manager within your designated marketplace, ensuring performance, revenue, customer service and business development targets are consistently achieved. This is an excellent opportunity to take on a major role within a market leading company where progression and solid career development are available. The role requires a resilient sales person with territory knowledge along with a consultative sales approach . If you possess these skills and have a hunger for new business, then please send me your CV with covering letter to matthewhayesfirstselection.co.uk First Selection Sales Recruitment are a wellestablished marketleading Executive Sales Recruitment Company based in Bristol, offering a national service which specialises in Sales Recruitment and Executive Search. We are preferred suppliers to many of the UK’s most dynamic organisations and we always have vacancies at any level including the following: Field Sales, Sales Manager, Head of Sales, Sales Executive, Account Manager, Telesales Executive, Telesales Consultant, Key Account Manager, Business Development Manager, Account Director, Sales Director, Advertising Manager, Sales Representative, Agency Account Manager, Area Sales Manager, Territory Manager, Sales Trainer, Sales Coach and Graduate. You can view all our live vacancies here at www.firstselection.co.uk or call one of our friendly team on **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldSalesExecutiveDerby_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00683.txt " Field Sales Executive  Derby" " 70256074" " First Selection" " Field Sales Executive ****k  ****k OTE  Car, Mobile, Ipad etc Derby Do you want to work for one of the largest Regional News Media Owners across the UK? Do you have a solid background in B2B field sales from the Digital Media Advertising industry? If you are highly motivated by commission and success and have a passion for this sector, this role could be for you My client offer an established and recognised Media brand across the UK and due to continued product expansion, they seek an experienced Field Sales Executive to join their team. Focusing initially with new business clients, the role is to bring in revenue and act as an account manager within your designated marketplace, ensuring performance, revenue, customer service and business development targets are consistently achieved. This is an excellent opportunity to take on a major role within a market leading company where progression and solid career development are available. The role requires a resilient sales person with territory knowledge along with a consultative sales approach . If you possess these skills and have a hunger for new business, then please send me your CV with covering letter to matthewhayesfirstselection.co.uk First Selection Sales Recruitment are a wellestablished marketleading Executive Sales Recruitment Company based in Bristol, offering a national service which specialises in Sales Recruitment and Executive Search. We are preferred suppliers to many of the UK’s most dynamic organisations and we always have vacancies at any level including the following: Field Sales, Sales Manager, Head of Sales, Sales Executive, Account Manager, Telesales Executive, Telesales Consultant, Key Account Manager, Business Development Manager, Account Director, Sales Director, Advertising Manager, Sales Representative, Agency Account Manager, Area Sales Manager, Territory Manager, Sales Trainer, Sales Coach and Graduate. You can view all our live vacancies here at www.firstselection.co.uk or call one of our friendly team on **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldSalesExecutiveDerby_job****" "['field', 'executive', 'ote', 'car', 'mobile', 'ipad', 'derby', 'largest', 'regional', 'news', 'media', 'owners', 'solid', 'background', 'field', 'digital', 'media', 'advertising', 'industry', 'highly', 'motivated', 'commission', 'success', 'passion', 'sector', 'offer', 'established', 'recognised', 'media', 'brand', 'due', 'continued', 'product', 'expansion', 'seek', 'experienced', 'field', 'executive', 'focusing', 'initially', 'bring', 'revenue', 'act', 'account', 'designated', 'marketplace', 'ensuring', 'performance', 'revenue', 'targets', 'consistently', 'achieved', 'major', 'market', 'progression', 'solid', 'career', 'requires', 'resilient', 'person', 'territory', 'consultative', 'approach', 'possess', 'hunger', 'send', 'cv', 'covering', 'letter', 'selection', 'wellestablished', 'marketleading', 'executive', 'bristol', 'offering', 'national', 'specialises', 'executive', 'search', 'preferred', 'suppliers', 'dynamic', 'organisations', 'vacancies', 'level', 'field', 'head', 'executive', 'account', 'telesales', 'executive', 'telesales', 'consultant', 'key', 'account', 'account', 'director', 'director', 'advertising', 'representative', 'agency', 'account', 'area', 'territory', 'trainer', 'coach', 'graduate', 'view', 'live', 'vacancies', 'www', 'call', 'friendly', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Customer Service Administrator
Webindex: 68531828
Description: Customer Service Administrator Our Client, a successful Financial Services company located on the outskirts of Edinburgh are currently recruiting for a number of customerfocussed administrators for their Mortgage Processing Team. Working initially on a 6month contract, Monday to Friday, 6pm 10pm and Saturdays, 9am  5pm you will be processing incoming documentation with both accuracy and attention to detail in order to satisfy lending and risk requirements. You will also appreciate and manage the MortgageBroker relationship through the management of incoming and outbound calls. You will have an excellent eye for detail and be willing to propose workable solutions to queries rather than presenting issues. You will strive to meet productivity targets whilst delivering exceptional customer service and be happy to take ownership and accountability on all customer interactions whilst getting things right first time. You will be fully PC literate with an excellent working knowledge of Excel and Word . As this role is working with a Financial Services company you will need to successfully pass a credit check. If you feel this role is right for you, apply now  we look forward to hearing from you." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00237.txt " Customer Service Administrator" " 68531828"  " Customer Service Administrator Our Client, a successful Financial Services company located on the outskirts of Edinburgh are currently recruiting for a number of customerfocussed administrators for their Mortgage Processing Team. Working initially on a 6month contract, Monday to Friday, 6pm 10pm and Saturdays, 9am  5pm you will be processing incoming documentation with both accuracy and attention to detail in order to satisfy lending and risk requirements. You will also appreciate and manage the MortgageBroker relationship through the management of incoming and outbound calls. You will have an excellent eye for detail and be willing to propose workable solutions to queries rather than presenting issues. You will strive to meet productivity targets whilst delivering exceptional customer service and be happy to take ownership and accountability on all customer interactions whilst getting things right first time. You will be fully PC literate with an excellent working knowledge of Excel and Word . As this role is working with a Financial Services company you will need to successfully pass a credit check. If you feel this role is right for you, apply now  we look forward to hearing from you." "['administrator', 'located', 'outskirts', 'edinburgh', 'recruiting', 'number', 'administrators', 'mortgage', 'processing', 'initially', 'month', 'contract', 'monday', 'friday', 'pm', 'pm', 'saturdays', 'pm', 'processing', 'incoming', 'documentation', 'accuracy', 'attention', 'detail', 'order', 'satisfy', 'lending', 'risk', 'requirements', 'manage', 'relationship', 'incoming', 'outbound', 'calls', 'eye', 'detail', 'propose', 'workable', 'solutions', 'queries', 'presenting', 'issues', 'strive', 'meet', 'productivity', 'targets', 'whilst', 'delivering', 'exceptional', 'happy', 'ownership', 'accountability', 'whilst', 'things', 'time', 'fully', 'pc', 'literate', 'excel', 'word', 'successfully', 'pass', 'credit', 'check', 'feel', 'forward', 'hearing']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Paraplanner
Webindex: 68675667
Company: FS People
Description: Our cleint, being a large high street bank, seek a paraplanner to join their growing team. As an experienced paraplanner or a financial adviser looking to change, you will be qualified to level 4 ( diploma in financial services ) and have a track record of success within the financial services industry. This employer are committed to delivering high quality, customer centric financial solutions to their clients. This is an excellent opportunity to join an RDR ready organisation with a forward thinking approach to ongoing regulated advice. This role comes with a basic salary to **** and a market leading flexible benefits package including cash allowances. There are also bonuses with this role Some of role specifics include Working as part of the regulated Advice Team and wider network of colleagues to provide a customercentric advice service. Supporting the Financial Advice Managers (Personal and/or Commercial) in providing a high quality needs based service to customers, with multiple or complex needs, by preparing and maintaining customer files, interpreting the advice guidelines and preparing the suitability letter for the Specialist Financial Advice Manager to present to the customer Act as part of the first line of defence ensuring that the solutions offered to customer’s are the best options for their needs and in line with regulatory standards As Subject Matter Expert (SME) to be the first point of contact for Financial Advice Managers and their Line Managers, providing a range of technical and practical advice to support the Specialist Advice Process. Please call us on **** **** **** for a full role breakdown This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/Paraplanner_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00373.txt " Paraplanner" " 68675667" " FS People" " Our cleint, being a large high street bank, seek a paraplanner to join their growing team. As an experienced paraplanner or a financial adviser looking to change, you will be qualified to level 4 ( diploma in financial services ) and have a track record of success within the financial services industry. This employer are committed to delivering high quality, customer centric financial solutions to their clients. This is an excellent opportunity to join an RDR ready organisation with a forward thinking approach to ongoing regulated advice. This role comes with a basic salary to **** and a market leading flexible benefits package including cash allowances. There are also bonuses with this role Some of role specifics include Working as part of the regulated Advice Team and wider network of colleagues to provide a customercentric advice service. Supporting the Financial Advice Managers (Personal and/or Commercial) in providing a high quality needs based service to customers, with multiple or complex needs, by preparing and maintaining customer files, interpreting the advice guidelines and preparing the suitability letter for the Specialist Financial Advice Manager to present to the customer Act as part of the first line of defence ensuring that the solutions offered to customer’s are the best options for their needs and in line with regulatory standards As Subject Matter Expert (SME) to be the first point of contact for Financial Advice Managers and their Line Managers, providing a range of technical and practical advice to support the Specialist Advice Process. Please call us on **** **** **** for a full role breakdown This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/Paraplanner_job****" "['large', 'street', 'bank', 'seek', 'paraplanner', 'growing', 'experienced', 'paraplanner', 'adviser', 'change', 'qualified', 'level', 'diploma', 'track', 'record', 'success', 'industry', 'employer', 'committed', 'delivering', 'quality', 'solutions', 'rdr', 'ready', 'organisation', 'forward', 'thinking', 'approach', 'ongoing', 'regulated', 'advice', 'basic', 'market', 'flexible', 'benefits', 'package', 'cash', 'allowances', 'bonuses', 'include', 'part', 'regulated', 'advice', 'wider', 'network', 'colleagues', 'advice', 'supporting', 'advice', 'managers', 'personal', 'commercial', 'providing', 'quality', 'customers', 'multiple', 'complex', 'preparing', 'maintaining', 'files', 'interpreting', 'advice', 'guidelines', 'preparing', 'suitability', 'letter', 'specialist', 'advice', 'present', 'act', 'part', 'line', 'defence', 'ensuring', 'solutions', 'offered', 'options', 'line', 'regulatory', 'standards', 'subject', 'matter', 'expert', 'sme', 'point', 'contact', 'advice', 'managers', 'line', 'managers', 'providing', 'range', 'technical', 'practical', 'advice', 'specialist', 'advice', 'process', 'call', 'breakdown', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking', 'paraplanner']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Sales Representative (Horticulture)
Webindex: 71678606
Company: Taylor 2 Recruitment
Description: SALES REPRESENTATIVE Our client is a wellestablished garden centre and nursery group based on the south coast. They now have a new and existing position of Sales Representative for their Nursery. You should come from a Sales background and have a strong knowledge of bedding in particular. You will be selling into primarily into the independent garden centre market. Job description as follows: Job Title:Sales Representative Responsible to: Wholesale General Manager Responsible for: Self. Purpose of Role: Serves customers by selling products; meeting customer needs. To carry out the daytoday sales operations of the Wholesaledepartment. Responsibilities: To achieve the approved annual sales budget for the Department. To research and understand the requirements of the market and feed information to the Wholesale General Manager. To maintain and continuously improve quality of service in line with customer requirements. To create, implement and report sales targets to the Wholesale General Manager. Maintain a detailed knowledge of company products. Maintain excellent relationships with existing customers and an awareness of their specific requirements. Develop new customers. To ensure all end of month procedures are carried out in an accurate and timely fashion. To ensure all required paperwork sent to the Sales Office is accurate and timely. Specific Duties: Service existing accounts, obtain orders, and establish new accounts by planning and organising daily work schedule to call on existing or potential sales outlets. Adjust content of sales presentations by studying the type of sales outlet. Focus sales efforts by studying existing and potential volume of customers. Submit orders by referring to price lists and product literature. Keep management informed by submitting activity and results reports, such as daily call reports, weekly work plans, and monthly and annual sales achievement analyses. Monitor competition by gathering current marketplace information on pricing, products, new products, delivery schedules, merchandising techniques, etc. Recommend changes in products, service, and policy by evaluating results and competitive developments. Resolve customer complaints by investigating problems; developing solutions; preparing reports; making recommendations to management. Maintain professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks Provide historical records by maintaining records on area and customer sales. Contribute to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Flexibility: To perform any other duties and objectives as required to contribute effectively to the achievement of the business aims and objectives. Limits of Authority: May not commit capital expenditure May not commit revenue expenditure on stock May not vary employees rates of pay. May not Hire or Fire employees. May not carry out disciplinary procedures. Measures of Performance: Achievement of annual budget, specifically:  Sales  Margins Completion of monthly required sales visits Completion of required paperwork conforms to company policy. Quality of service measured by customer satisfaction survey. Salary circa **** Bonus related pay to be advised Company vehicle. Holiday entitlement: tba This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesRepresentativeHorticulture_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00705.txt " Sales Representative (Horticulture)" " 71678606" " Taylor 2 Recruitment" " SALES REPRESENTATIVE Our client is a wellestablished garden centre and nursery group based on the south coast. They now have a new and existing position of Sales Representative for their Nursery. You should come from a Sales background and have a strong knowledge of bedding in particular. You will be selling into primarily into the independent garden centre market. Job description as follows: Job Title:Sales Representative Responsible to: Wholesale General Manager Responsible for: Self. Purpose of Role: Serves customers by selling products; meeting customer needs. To carry out the daytoday sales operations of the Wholesaledepartment. Responsibilities: To achieve the approved annual sales budget for the Department. To research and understand the requirements of the market and feed information to the Wholesale General Manager. To maintain and continuously improve quality of service in line with customer requirements. To create, implement and report sales targets to the Wholesale General Manager. Maintain a detailed knowledge of company products. Maintain excellent relationships with existing customers and an awareness of their specific requirements. Develop new customers. To ensure all end of month procedures are carried out in an accurate and timely fashion. To ensure all required paperwork sent to the Sales Office is accurate and timely. Specific Duties: Service existing accounts, obtain orders, and establish new accounts by planning and organising daily work schedule to call on existing or potential sales outlets. Adjust content of sales presentations by studying the type of sales outlet. Focus sales efforts by studying existing and potential volume of customers. Submit orders by referring to price lists and product literature. Keep management informed by submitting activity and results reports, such as daily call reports, weekly work plans, and monthly and annual sales achievement analyses. Monitor competition by gathering current marketplace information on pricing, products, new products, delivery schedules, merchandising techniques, etc. Recommend changes in products, service, and policy by evaluating results and competitive developments. Resolve customer complaints by investigating problems; developing solutions; preparing reports; making recommendations to management. Maintain professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks Provide historical records by maintaining records on area and customer sales. Contribute to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Flexibility: To perform any other duties and objectives as required to contribute effectively to the achievement of the business aims and objectives. Limits of Authority: May not commit capital expenditure May not commit revenue expenditure on stock May not vary employees rates of pay. May not Hire or Fire employees. May not carry out disciplinary procedures. Measures of Performance: Achievement of annual budget, specifically:  Sales  Margins Completion of monthly required sales visits Completion of required paperwork conforms to company policy. Quality of service measured by customer satisfaction survey. Salary circa **** Bonus related pay to be advised Company vehicle. Holiday entitlement: tba This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesRepresentativeHorticulture_job****" "['representative', 'wellestablished', 'garden', 'centre', 'nursery', 'group', 'south', 'existing', 'representative', 'nursery', 'background', 'selling', 'primarily', 'independent', 'garden', 'centre', 'market', 'description', 'title', 'representative', 'responsible', 'wholesale', 'general', 'responsible', 'purpose', 'serves', 'customers', 'selling', 'products', 'meeting', 'carry', 'daytoday', 'operations', 'responsibilities', 'achieve', 'approved', 'annual', 'budget', 'department', 'research', 'understand', 'requirements', 'market', 'information', 'wholesale', 'general', 'maintain', 'continuously', 'improve', 'quality', 'line', 'requirements', 'create', 'implement', 'report', 'targets', 'wholesale', 'general', 'maintain', 'detailed', 'products', 'maintain', 'relationships', 'existing', 'customers', 'awareness', 'specific', 'requirements', 'develop', 'customers', 'end', 'month', 'procedures', 'carried', 'accurate', 'timely', 'fashion', 'paperwork', 'office', 'accurate', 'timely', 'specific', 'duties', 'existing', 'accounts', 'obtain', 'orders', 'establish', 'accounts', 'planning', 'organising', 'daily', 'schedule', 'call', 'existing', 'potential', 'outlets', 'adjust', 'content', 'presentations', 'studying', 'type', 'focus', 'efforts', 'studying', 'existing', 'potential', 'volume', 'customers', 'submit', 'orders', 'referring', 'price', 'lists', 'product', 'literature', 'informed', 'submitting', 'activity', 'results', 'reports', 'daily', 'call', 'reports', 'weekly', 'plans', 'monthly', 'annual', 'achievement', 'analyses', 'monitor', 'competition', 'gathering', 'current', 'marketplace', 'information', 'pricing', 'products', 'products', 'delivery', 'schedules', 'merchandising', 'techniques', 'recommend', 'products', 'policy', 'evaluating', 'results', 'competitive', 'developments', 'resolve', 'complaints', 'investigating', 'problems', 'developing', 'solutions', 'preparing', 'reports', 'making', 'recommendations', 'maintain', 'professional', 'technical', 'attending', 'educational', 'workshops', 'reviewing', 'professional', 'publications', 'establishing', 'personal', 'networks', 'historical', 'records', 'maintaining', 'records', 'area', 'contribute', 'effort', 'related', 'results', 'needed', 'flexibility', 'perform', 'duties', 'objectives', 'contribute', 'effectively', 'achievement', 'aims', 'objectives', 'limits', 'authority', 'commit', 'capital', 'expenditure', 'commit', 'revenue', 'expenditure', 'stock', 'vary', 'employees', 'rates', 'pay', 'hire', 'fire', 'employees', 'carry', 'disciplinary', 'procedures', 'measures', 'performance', 'achievement', 'annual', 'budget', 'specifically', 'margins', 'completion', 'monthly', 'visits', 'completion', 'paperwork', 'policy', 'quality', 'satisfaction', 'survey', 'circa', 'bonus', 'related', 'pay', 'advised', 'vehicle', 'holiday', 'entitlement', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Staff Nurse  Bromsgrove
Webindex: 70016152
Company: Domus Recruitment
Description: The Company A small to medium sized healthcare provider who owns a number of homes in the Worcestershire and Birmingham areas are recruiting an RGN for their lovely, small nursing home in the Bromsgrove area. Because this provider has a high concentration of homes in the Worcestershire area, this offers excellent career prospects for the right candidate. The Role This is a full time role (36hours per week) covering days. As a qualified nurse you will be responsible for the monitoring of the health and wellness of the residents. The responsibilities include, but are not limited to; overall wellbeing of the residents; supervising and training of team members; communication with all resident support services (GP’s, District Nurses etc) and families; quality assurance; and regulatory compliance. The Person You will be an RGN with experience of working in a care home environment, ideally with elderly clients. You should be well organised and flexible to work in a shift pattern. This is a great role for a nurse looking for a care home with career progression due to the size of the home. If you are interested or know anyone suitable then please either call me asap on **** **** **** or forward on my details marsha.barskydomusrecruitment.com We send **** to say thank you if we successful place a recommendation." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00457.txt " Staff Nurse  Bromsgrove" " 70016152" " Domus Recruitment" " The Company A small to medium sized healthcare provider who owns a number of homes in the Worcestershire and Birmingham areas are recruiting an RGN for their lovely, small nursing home in the Bromsgrove area. Because this provider has a high concentration of homes in the Worcestershire area, this offers excellent career prospects for the right candidate. The Role This is a full time role (36hours per week) covering days. As a qualified nurse you will be responsible for the monitoring of the health and wellness of the residents. The responsibilities include, but are not limited to; overall wellbeing of the residents; supervising and training of team members; communication with all resident support services (GP’s, District Nurses etc) and families; quality assurance; and regulatory compliance. The Person You will be an RGN with experience of working in a care home environment, ideally with elderly clients. You should be well organised and flexible to work in a shift pattern. This is a great role for a nurse looking for a care home with career progression due to the size of the home. If you are interested or know anyone suitable then please either call me asap on **** **** **** or forward on my details marsha.barskydomusrecruitment.com We send **** to say thank you if we successful place a recommendation." "['small', 'medium', 'sized', 'healthcare', 'provider', 'owns', 'number', 'homes', 'worcestershire', 'birmingham', 'areas', 'recruiting', 'rgn', 'lovely', 'small', 'nursing', 'area', 'provider', 'concentration', 'homes', 'worcestershire', 'area', 'offers', 'career', 'prospects', 'time', 'hours', 'week', 'covering', 'days', 'qualified', 'nurse', 'responsible', 'monitoring', 'health', 'wellness', 'residents', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'limited', 'wellbeing', 'residents', 'supervising', 'members', 'communication', 'resident', 'gp', 'district', 'nurses', 'families', 'quality', 'assurance', 'regulatory', 'compliance', 'person', 'rgn', 'environment', 'ideally', 'elderly', 'organised', 'flexible', 'shift', 'pattern', 'great', 'nurse', 'career', 'progression', 'due', 'size', 'interested', 'suitable', 'call', 'asap', 'forward', 'details', 'send', 'place', 'recommendation']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Consumer Finance Administrator
Webindex: 72238746
Company: CARCRAFT
Description: At Carcraft we're proud to be the country's leading used car supermarket and we do everything we can to ensure that our customers Drive Happy when they choose to buy a car from us. Carcraft is still under the independent ownership of the family who started it all in **** As such, we extend traditional family values of care, honesty and trust to customers, colleagues and suppliers alike. We have an excellent opportunity available for a self motivated, ambitious and enthusiastic individual who wants to work with a highly successful business, one that offers an exciting and progressive pace to work with a great bonus structure in a customer focused environment. Consumer finance experience is NOT essential but a desire to get the best for our valuable customers is It is essential that you are target driven, committed and have excellent communication skills, being able to build a rapport naturally with customers and colleagues and continually strive to make our service the best in the industry.Face to face and telephone skills are both equally important.Along with this it is crucial that you possess a full driving licence. An extremely rewarding role where you will be rewarded financially for your hard work and have the opportunity to be involved directly in the success of the business.Once trained you will be given the opportunity to work on your own initiative helping Senior Management to deliver outstanding results. You should have **** AC GCSE passes (or equivalent) and should have good organisational skills and IT skills with a knowledge of Word and Excel. The showroom is open 9am9pm Monday  Friday, 9am9pm Saturday and 10am6pm Sunday, so flexibility is required between these hours and you will be expected to work most weekends. Please apply with a Word **** format CV This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ConsumerFinanceAdministrator_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00367.txt " Consumer Finance Administrator" " 72238746" " CARCRAFT" " At Carcraft we're proud to be the country's leading used car supermarket and we do everything we can to ensure that our customers Drive Happy when they choose to buy a car from us. Carcraft is still under the independent ownership of the family who started it all in **** As such, we extend traditional family values of care, honesty and trust to customers, colleagues and suppliers alike. We have an excellent opportunity available for a self motivated, ambitious and enthusiastic individual who wants to work with a highly successful business, one that offers an exciting and progressive pace to work with a great bonus structure in a customer focused environment. Consumer finance experience is NOT essential but a desire to get the best for our valuable customers is It is essential that you are target driven, committed and have excellent communication skills, being able to build a rapport naturally with customers and colleagues and continually strive to make our service the best in the industry.Face to face and telephone skills are both equally important.Along with this it is crucial that you possess a full driving licence. An extremely rewarding role where you will be rewarded financially for your hard work and have the opportunity to be involved directly in the success of the business.Once trained you will be given the opportunity to work on your own initiative helping Senior Management to deliver outstanding results. You should have **** AC GCSE passes (or equivalent) and should have good organisational skills and IT skills with a knowledge of Word and Excel. The showroom is open 9am9pm Monday  Friday, 9am9pm Saturday and 10am6pm Sunday, so flexibility is required between these hours and you will be expected to work most weekends. Please apply with a Word **** format CV This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ConsumerFinanceAdministrator_job****" "['carcraft', 'proud', ""country's"", 'car', 'customers', 'drive', 'happy', 'choose', 'buy', 'car', 'carcraft', 'independent', 'ownership', 'family', 'started', 'extend', 'traditional', 'family', 'values', 'honesty', 'trust', 'customers', 'colleagues', 'suppliers', 'alike', 'motivated', 'ambitious', 'enthusiastic', 'individual', 'highly', 'offers', 'exciting', 'progressive', 'pace', 'great', 'bonus', 'structure', 'focused', 'environment', 'consumer', 'finance', 'essential', 'desire', 'valuable', 'customers', 'essential', 'target', 'driven', 'committed', 'communication', 'build', 'rapport', 'naturally', 'customers', 'colleagues', 'continually', 'strive', 'make', 'industry', 'face', 'face', 'telephone', 'equally', 'important', 'crucial', 'possess', 'driving', 'licence', 'extremely', 'rewarding', 'rewarded', 'financially', 'hard', 'involved', 'directly', 'success', 'trained', 'initiative', 'helping', 'senior', 'deliver', 'outstanding', 'results', 'ac', 'gcse', 'equivalent', 'organisational', 'word', 'excel', 'showroom', 'open', 'pm', 'monday', 'friday', 'pm', 'saturday', 'pm', 'sunday', 'flexibility', 'hours', 'expected', 'weekends', 'word', 'format', 'cv', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Paediatric Healthcare Assistant Noth West London
Webindex: 71204423
Description: Paediatric Healthcare Assistant North West London ******** per Hour Reference: CAEALPAED**** Job Description: Advantage Healthcare Group is recruiting highly skilled Healthcare Assistants with experience working with children in North West London Our client requires Care in his own home to enhance his quality of life and to support his family. He is a **** year old boy with Cerebral Palsy who has a history of, Epilepsy, Microcephaly, Gastro Oesophageal reflux, constipation, scoliosis, hearing problems and he is blind. He enjoys having stories read to him and listening to music. You will be working on your own with support from the family. Preference will be given to candidates with the following skills and experience: Seizure Management Cerebral Palsy Domiciliary Care, working unsupervised in a home environment Shifts will consist of **** Night Shifts and a day shift on Saturdays. Benefits:  Flexible hours to suit you  Competitive rates of pay  Holiday pay  Members Loyalty program  Specialist training to further develop your career  CRB Reimbursement scheme  Access to exclusive discounts for High Street stores, travel and other leisure activities  Work with some of the UK’s most prestigious companies and individuals To Apply: Apply online now enclosing your current CV and covering letter, alternatively call our Recruitment Line on **** **** **** **** To be successful you must be able to supply clinical references that cover recent skills and experience. Applicants subject to enhanced level CRB. Advantage Healthcare is an equal opportunities employer (AGY)." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00522.txt " Paediatric Healthcare Assistant Noth West London" " 71204423"  " Paediatric Healthcare Assistant North West London ******** per Hour Reference: CAEALPAED**** Job Description: Advantage Healthcare Group is recruiting highly skilled Healthcare Assistants with experience working with children in North West London Our client requires Care in his own home to enhance his quality of life and to support his family. He is a **** year old boy with Cerebral Palsy who has a history of, Epilepsy, Microcephaly, Gastro Oesophageal reflux, constipation, scoliosis, hearing problems and he is blind. He enjoys having stories read to him and listening to music. You will be working on your own with support from the family. Preference will be given to candidates with the following skills and experience: Seizure Management Cerebral Palsy Domiciliary Care, working unsupervised in a home environment Shifts will consist of **** Night Shifts and a day shift on Saturdays. Benefits:  Flexible hours to suit you  Competitive rates of pay  Holiday pay  Members Loyalty program  Specialist training to further develop your career  CRB Reimbursement scheme  Access to exclusive discounts for High Street stores, travel and other leisure activities  Work with some of the UK’s most prestigious companies and individuals To Apply: Apply online now enclosing your current CV and covering letter, alternatively call our Recruitment Line on **** **** **** **** To be successful you must be able to supply clinical references that cover recent skills and experience. Applicants subject to enhanced level CRB. Advantage Healthcare is an equal opportunities employer (AGY)." "['paediatric', 'healthcare', 'assistant', 'north', 'west', 'london', 'hour', 'reference', 'description', 'advantage', 'healthcare', 'group', 'recruiting', 'highly', 'skilled', 'healthcare', 'assistants', 'children', 'north', 'west', 'london', 'requires', 'enhance', 'quality', 'life', 'family', 'year', 'cerebral', 'palsy', 'history', 'epilepsy', 'hearing', 'problems', 'blind', 'enjoys', 'stories', 'read', 'listening', 'music', 'family', 'preference', 'candidates', 'cerebral', 'palsy', 'domiciliary', 'unsupervised', 'environment', 'shifts', 'consist', 'night', 'shifts', 'day', 'shift', 'saturdays', 'benefits', 'flexible', 'hours', 'suit', 'competitive', 'rates', 'pay', 'holiday', 'pay', 'members', 'loyalty', 'program', 'specialist', 'develop', 'career', 'crb', 'reimbursement', 'scheme', 'access', 'exclusive', 'discounts', 'street', 'stores', 'travel', 'leisure', 'activities', 'prestigious', 'companies', 'individuals', 'online', 'enclosing', 'current', 'cv', 'covering', 'letter', 'alternatively', 'call', 'line', 'supply', 'clinical', 'references', 'cover', 'recent', 'applicants', 'subject', 'enhanced', 'level', 'crb', 'advantage', 'healthcare', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer', 'agy']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Field Sales Engineer  Southern/Central Scotland
Webindex: 68705166
Company: Redline Group Ltd
Description: Field Sale Executive required to join a fast growing, UK manufacturer of advanced renewable energy solutions that are provided to an array of market sectors. My client was in the top 20 fastest growing business in the UK this year and the vacancy has appeared due to their continued growth. Covering southern/central Scotland territories, Home based role with one day a week in the office just outside of Glasgow. ****K  ****K OTE  Company car/allowance. The Field Sale Executive will be responsible for: New Business ability Account Management skills Lead Generation Visiting clients Negotiation The Field Sale Executive will: Have experience selling high value equipment (in to agricultural markets or to land owners  desired) Currently covering a territory. Have experience developing meaningful and trustbased relationships with clients. If you are interested in the Field Sale Executive vacancy, covering southern/central Scotland territories, Home based role with one day a week in the office just outside of Glasgow. ****K  ****K OTE  Company car/allowance, please email a CV to LStrevensRedlinegroup.Com or call **** **** quoting reference LJS****/**** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldSalesEngineerSouthernCentralScotland_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00188.txt " Field Sales Engineer  Southern/Central Scotland" " 68705166" " Redline Group Ltd" " Field Sale Executive required to join a fast growing, UK manufacturer of advanced renewable energy solutions that are provided to an array of market sectors. My client was in the top 20 fastest growing business in the UK this year and the vacancy has appeared due to their continued growth. Covering southern/central Scotland territories, Home based role with one day a week in the office just outside of Glasgow. ****K  ****K OTE  Company car/allowance. The Field Sale Executive will be responsible for: New Business ability Account Management skills Lead Generation Visiting clients Negotiation The Field Sale Executive will: Have experience selling high value equipment (in to agricultural markets or to land owners  desired) Currently covering a territory. Have experience developing meaningful and trustbased relationships with clients. If you are interested in the Field Sale Executive vacancy, covering southern/central Scotland territories, Home based role with one day a week in the office just outside of Glasgow. ****K  ****K OTE  Company car/allowance, please email a CV to LStrevensRedlinegroup.Com or call **** **** quoting reference LJS****/**** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldSalesEngineerSouthernCentralScotland_job****" "['field', 'sale', 'executive', 'fast', 'growing', 'manufacturer', 'advanced', 'renewable', 'energy', 'solutions', 'provided', 'array', 'market', 'sectors', 'top', 'fastest', 'growing', 'year', 'vacancy', 'due', 'continued', 'growth', 'covering', 'southern', 'central', 'scotland', 'territories', 'day', 'week', 'office', 'glasgow', 'ote', 'car', 'allowance', 'field', 'sale', 'executive', 'responsible', 'account', 'lead', 'generation', 'visiting', 'negotiation', 'field', 'sale', 'executive', 'selling', 'equipment', 'markets', 'land', 'owners', 'desired', 'covering', 'territory', 'developing', 'meaningful', 'relationships', 'interested', 'field', 'sale', 'executive', 'vacancy', 'covering', 'southern', 'central', 'scotland', 'territories', 'day', 'week', 'office', 'glasgow', 'ote', 'car', 'allowance', 'email', 'cv', 'call', 'quoting', 'reference', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Fine Art Sales Executive
Webindex: 72397595
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: The role: Full time 5 days/ ****hours plus a week and is permanent however a **** month trial period will apply. Consultants are expected to work **** Saturdays a month and **** or **** Sundays. Requirements: The applicant must be computer literate on the Microsoft Outlook email system, and Excel. Administration support will also be required in regards to database maintenance, invoicing and updating Excel spreadsheets on a daily basis. Retail Experience, ideally within a targeted luxury goods environment Proven track record pf working successfully to targets Can drive with car and clean licence, for home approval side of the role. Very flexible with hours of work, rota's are on a shift basis The candidate must be passionate and energetic about sales and hitting gallery targets each month. Desirable attributes: Previous Art sales, Art Gallery experience, Art History knowledge. Ultimately a candidate that feels as passionately about selling art and providing a personal and unique service to our clients as we do. Benefits: A competitive salary of between ****  ****k P/A based on experience. An uncapped commission structure. Opportunity to build an exciting career within the fine art industry Benefits package on application Please send your CV , or contact our Reading branch on N/A Adecco is an equal opportunities employer. Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy." 3 data/Sales\Job_00694.txt " Fine Art Sales Executive" " 72397595" " UKStaffsearch" " The role: Full time 5 days/ ****hours plus a week and is permanent however a **** month trial period will apply. Consultants are expected to work **** Saturdays a month and **** or **** Sundays. Requirements: The applicant must be computer literate on the Microsoft Outlook email system, and Excel. Administration support will also be required in regards to database maintenance, invoicing and updating Excel spreadsheets on a daily basis. Retail Experience, ideally within a targeted luxury goods environment Proven track record pf working successfully to targets Can drive with car and clean licence, for home approval side of the role. Very flexible with hours of work, rota's are on a shift basis The candidate must be passionate and energetic about sales and hitting gallery targets each month. Desirable attributes: Previous Art sales, Art Gallery experience, Art History knowledge. Ultimately a candidate that feels as passionately about selling art and providing a personal and unique service to our clients as we do. Benefits: A competitive salary of between ****  ****k P/A based on experience. An uncapped commission structure. Opportunity to build an exciting career within the fine art industry Benefits package on application Please send your CV , or contact our Reading branch on N/A Adecco is an equal opportunities employer. Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy." "['time', 'days', 'hours', 'week', 'permanent', 'month', 'trial', 'period', 'consultants', 'expected', 'saturdays', 'month', 'sundays', 'requirements', 'applicant', 'computer', 'literate', 'microsoft', 'outlook', 'email', 'system', 'excel', 'administration', 'database', 'maintenance', 'invoicing', 'updating', 'excel', 'spreadsheets', 'daily', 'basis', 'retail', 'ideally', 'targeted', 'luxury', 'goods', 'environment', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'successfully', 'targets', 'drive', 'car', 'clean', 'licence', 'approval', 'side', 'flexible', 'hours', ""rota's"", 'shift', 'basis', 'passionate', 'energetic', 'hitting', 'gallery', 'targets', 'month', 'desirable', 'attributes', 'previous', 'art', 'art', 'gallery', 'art', 'history', 'ultimately', 'feels', 'passionately', 'selling', 'art', 'providing', 'personal', 'unique', 'benefits', 'competitive', 'uncapped', 'commission', 'structure', 'build', 'exciting', 'career', 'fine', 'art', 'industry', 'benefits', 'package', 'application', 'send', 'cv', 'contact', 'reading', 'branch', 'adecco', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer', 'adecco', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'vacancy']" Sales
"Title: Dividends / Corporate Actions Administrator
Webindex: 69600287
Company: ISL UK
Description: Leading Financial Services provider require an individual with experience of Dividend or Corporate Action Processing to work within their expanding operations function. Key responsibilities:  To process dividends received from registrars, fund managers and via the Crest system  Ensure that processing is made within FSA regulations.  Ensuring that TCF rules are adhered to  Support other Operational Teams where required  Liaise with other Teams within the Company, e.g. stock reconciliations  Respond to any queries raised by Customer Services or any other internal area efficiently, professionally and as quickly as possible  To process all equity, unit trust, OEIC, income and accumulation units received, on internal system, ensuring a high degree of accuracy at all times  To deal with any client/IFA queries and complaints received by post, email, fax or phone until the matter has been satisfactorily resolved and to ensure achievement of FOS published SLAs  To undertake all duties in a timely manner without constant referral to other members of the team  Ensure that all new systems, procedures or policies are followed as directed by the Dividends Team Leader  Taking on ad hoc duties and tasks as and when requested by Team Leader  Being an established source of knowledge to all IFAs, clients and other staff members  Record and complete MI spreadsheets on daily basis This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DividendsCorporateActionsAdministrator_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00254.txt " Dividends / Corporate Actions Administrator" " 69600287" " ISL UK" " Leading Financial Services provider require an individual with experience of Dividend or Corporate Action Processing to work within their expanding operations function. Key responsibilities:  To process dividends received from registrars, fund managers and via the Crest system  Ensure that processing is made within FSA regulations.  Ensuring that TCF rules are adhered to  Support other Operational Teams where required  Liaise with other Teams within the Company, e.g. stock reconciliations  Respond to any queries raised by Customer Services or any other internal area efficiently, professionally and as quickly as possible  To process all equity, unit trust, OEIC, income and accumulation units received, on internal system, ensuring a high degree of accuracy at all times  To deal with any client/IFA queries and complaints received by post, email, fax or phone until the matter has been satisfactorily resolved and to ensure achievement of FOS published SLAs  To undertake all duties in a timely manner without constant referral to other members of the team  Ensure that all new systems, procedures or policies are followed as directed by the Dividends Team Leader  Taking on ad hoc duties and tasks as and when requested by Team Leader  Being an established source of knowledge to all IFAs, clients and other staff members  Record and complete MI spreadsheets on daily basis This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DividendsCorporateActionsAdministrator_job****" "['provider', 'require', 'individual', 'dividend', 'corporate', 'action', 'processing', 'expanding', 'operations', 'function', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'process', 'dividends', 'received', 'fund', 'managers', 'system', 'processing', 'made', 'fsa', 'regulations', 'ensuring', 'tcf', 'rules', 'adhered', 'operational', 'teams', 'liaise', 'teams', 'stock', 'reconciliations', 'respond', 'queries', 'raised', 'internal', 'area', 'efficiently', 'professionally', 'quickly', 'process', 'equity', 'unit', 'trust', 'income', 'units', 'received', 'internal', 'system', 'ensuring', 'degree', 'accuracy', 'times', 'deal', 'ifa', 'queries', 'complaints', 'received', 'post', 'email', 'fax', 'phone', 'matter', 'resolved', 'achievement', 'fos', 'published', 'slas', 'undertake', 'duties', 'timely', 'manner', 'constant', 'referral', 'members', 'procedures', 'policies', 'directed', 'dividends', 'leader', 'taking', 'ad', 'hoc', 'duties', 'tasks', 'requested', 'leader', 'established', 'source', 'ifas', 'members', 'record', 'complete', 'mi', 'spreadsheets', 'daily', 'basis', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Trainee Telesales Executive
Webindex: 67639091
Company: Huntress Group
Description: A fantastic opportunity has arisen for a driven, self motivated and confident Trainee Telesales Executive to join a busy sales team within a market leading company based in East Grinstead. You will be responsible for: Following up on marketing activity Account managing existing relationships with customers Achieving individual sales targets, objectives and KPI s Your customer focused, disciplined and flexible approach to work combined with your strong verbal and written communication skills, sound commercial awareness and ideally an understanding of marketing and B2B media will enable you to excel in this role. In addition to a competitive salary, the successful candidate will also receive a comprehensive benefits package including 25 days holiday a year (plus bank holidays), a basic salary of **** plus bonus, company contributory pension scheme and full market / product training and support. Huntress Group does not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and complies with all relevant UK legislation. PLEASE NOTE You should make yourself aware of how immigration laws apply to your situation before applying for any jobs. We are acting as a Recruitment Agency in relation to this role" 3 data/Sales\Job_00701.txt " Trainee Telesales Executive" " 67639091" " Huntress Group" " A fantastic opportunity has arisen for a driven, self motivated and confident Trainee Telesales Executive to join a busy sales team within a market leading company based in East Grinstead. You will be responsible for: Following up on marketing activity Account managing existing relationships with customers Achieving individual sales targets, objectives and KPI s Your customer focused, disciplined and flexible approach to work combined with your strong verbal and written communication skills, sound commercial awareness and ideally an understanding of marketing and B2B media will enable you to excel in this role. In addition to a competitive salary, the successful candidate will also receive a comprehensive benefits package including 25 days holiday a year (plus bank holidays), a basic salary of **** plus bonus, company contributory pension scheme and full market / product training and support. Huntress Group does not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and complies with all relevant UK legislation. PLEASE NOTE You should make yourself aware of how immigration laws apply to your situation before applying for any jobs. We are acting as a Recruitment Agency in relation to this role" "['fantastic', 'arisen', 'driven', 'motivated', 'confident', 'trainee', 'telesales', 'executive', 'busy', 'market', 'east', 'grinstead', 'responsible', 'marketing', 'activity', 'account', 'managing', 'existing', 'relationships', 'customers', 'achieving', 'individual', 'targets', 'objectives', 'kpi', 'focused', 'disciplined', 'flexible', 'approach', 'combined', 'verbal', 'written', 'communication', 'sound', 'commercial', 'awareness', 'ideally', 'understanding', 'marketing', 'media', 'enable', 'excel', 'addition', 'competitive', 'receive', 'comprehensive', 'benefits', 'package', 'days', 'holiday', 'year', 'bank', 'holidays', 'basic', 'bonus', 'contributory', 'pension', 'scheme', 'market', 'product', 'group', 'discriminate', 'grounds', 'age', 'race', 'gender', 'disability', 'creed', 'sexual', 'orientation', 'complies', 'relevant', 'legislation', 'note', 'make', 'aware', 'laws', 'situation', 'applying', 'jobs', 'acting', 'agency', 'relation']" Sales
"Title: Graduate Pricing Analyst
Webindex: 72702961
Company: Wallace Hind Selection Ltd
Description: An excellent opportunity for a Graduate Pricing Analyst to join a market leading organisation with the prospects to earn an incredible entry level salary and to travel across the globe. BASIC: ****  **** ADDITIONAL BENEFITS: Bonus, Contributory Pension, ****7 days Holiday, a generous bonus scheme, linked to both individual and team performance LOCATION: High Wycombe COMMUTABLE LOCATIONS: Oxford, Aylesbury, Slough, Reading, Uxbridge, Hemel Hempstead, West London POSTCODE: HP**** ****TT COMPANY PROFILE: Established for over a decade our client is a world leader in providing the pharmaceutical industry with a range of business critical research products and services. Their clients include the top 50 pharmaceutical and biotechnical organisations through to fledgling startup businesses across the globe. Services and consultancy range from forecasting, pricing, international pricing, marketing and sales, all of which are backed up by relevant evidence based models. Due to sustained growth they now seek talented likeminded team players to support their continued success JOB SPECIFICATION: As a Graduate Pricing Analyst you will be joining and working alongside a dynamic, innovative and highly intelligent team that provide the very best forecasting, pricing programs and consultancy services to the most recognised pharmaceutical organisations in the world. Alongside your passion for numbers you ll need the commercial acumen to highlight opportunity, while considering potential risk. You will be responsible for the following tasks:  Produce forecast models covering many aspects of the pharmaceutical industry (some of which include sales forecasts, pricing strategy, international pricing systems, the effect of parallel trade and risk analysis)  Translate customer requirements into workable briefs  Use cutting edge forecasting technologies developed in house alongside MS Excel programming to produce bespoke forecast models for high profile clients  Quickly develop your understanding of the company s suite of forecasting and pricing methodologies / technologies  Document and project manage the creation of forecasting and pricing models, and the tools used to produce them  Manage the quality and detail of work being provided to the customer  Continuously develop innovative forecasting methodologies  Create detailed customer proposals for new business wins  Commissioning, setting and running marketresearch REQUIREMENTS: Graduate Pricing Analyst Ideally you will have gained a Bachelor s Degree 2:**** or higher in Biological Sciences, Medical Sciences or Life Sciences. Among others we would consider Biochemistry, Biology, Chemical Biology, Life Sciences Interface, Systems Biology, Biomedical Sciences, Cardiovascular Medicine, Clinical Medicine, Public Health, Pathology, Physiology, Anatomy, and Genetics. You will also possess a passion for pharmaceuticals or of the wider pharmaceutical industry. Above and beyond this you will;  have a good grasp of mathematics and basic statistics  prepared and able to travel in the UK, Europe and USA  be highly organised and able to plan ahead and prioritize  be able to hold concentration for extended periods of time  have a track record of getting the job done to a high standard  be able to work on your own projects whilst being an integral part of a highly motivated intellectual team  be computer literate (Excel, PowerPoint, Word) simple spreadsheet modelling  You will be an excellent communicator, English; both written and verbal PROSPECTS: Graduate Pricing Analyst This role will develop you This business believes strongly in the personal and professional development of all its employees and has an ongoing program designed to nurture, develop and promote individuals to their maximum potential. INTERESTED? Then we are interested in hearing from you. In the first instance, please email Richard Adams quoting Graduate Pricing Analyst and reference RA**** to apply.a****kd****dmwhwallacehind.aptrack.co DDI: **** **** **** Wallace Hind Selection, The Old Vicarage, Duston, Northants, NN5 ****JB. URL removed  " 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00467.txt " Graduate Pricing Analyst" " 72702961" " Wallace Hind Selection Ltd" " An excellent opportunity for a Graduate Pricing Analyst to join a market leading organisation with the prospects to earn an incredible entry level salary and to travel across the globe. BASIC: ****  **** ADDITIONAL BENEFITS: Bonus, Contributory Pension, ****7 days Holiday, a generous bonus scheme, linked to both individual and team performance LOCATION: High Wycombe COMMUTABLE LOCATIONS: Oxford, Aylesbury, Slough, Reading, Uxbridge, Hemel Hempstead, West London POSTCODE: HP**** ****TT COMPANY PROFILE: Established for over a decade our client is a world leader in providing the pharmaceutical industry with a range of business critical research products and services. Their clients include the top 50 pharmaceutical and biotechnical organisations through to fledgling startup businesses across the globe. Services and consultancy range from forecasting, pricing, international pricing, marketing and sales, all of which are backed up by relevant evidence based models. Due to sustained growth they now seek talented likeminded team players to support their continued success JOB SPECIFICATION: As a Graduate Pricing Analyst you will be joining and working alongside a dynamic, innovative and highly intelligent team that provide the very best forecasting, pricing programs and consultancy services to the most recognised pharmaceutical organisations in the world. Alongside your passion for numbers you ll need the commercial acumen to highlight opportunity, while considering potential risk. You will be responsible for the following tasks:  Produce forecast models covering many aspects of the pharmaceutical industry (some of which include sales forecasts, pricing strategy, international pricing systems, the effect of parallel trade and risk analysis)  Translate customer requirements into workable briefs  Use cutting edge forecasting technologies developed in house alongside MS Excel programming to produce bespoke forecast models for high profile clients  Quickly develop your understanding of the company s suite of forecasting and pricing methodologies / technologies  Document and project manage the creation of forecasting and pricing models, and the tools used to produce them  Manage the quality and detail of work being provided to the customer  Continuously develop innovative forecasting methodologies  Create detailed customer proposals for new business wins  Commissioning, setting and running marketresearch REQUIREMENTS: Graduate Pricing Analyst Ideally you will have gained a Bachelor s Degree 2:**** or higher in Biological Sciences, Medical Sciences or Life Sciences. Among others we would consider Biochemistry, Biology, Chemical Biology, Life Sciences Interface, Systems Biology, Biomedical Sciences, Cardiovascular Medicine, Clinical Medicine, Public Health, Pathology, Physiology, Anatomy, and Genetics. You will also possess a passion for pharmaceuticals or of the wider pharmaceutical industry. Above and beyond this you will;  have a good grasp of mathematics and basic statistics  prepared and able to travel in the UK, Europe and USA  be highly organised and able to plan ahead and prioritize  be able to hold concentration for extended periods of time  have a track record of getting the job done to a high standard  be able to work on your own projects whilst being an integral part of a highly motivated intellectual team  be computer literate (Excel, PowerPoint, Word) simple spreadsheet modelling  You will be an excellent communicator, English; both written and verbal PROSPECTS: Graduate Pricing Analyst This role will develop you This business believes strongly in the personal and professional development of all its employees and has an ongoing program designed to nurture, develop and promote individuals to their maximum potential. INTERESTED? Then we are interested in hearing from you. In the first instance, please email Richard Adams quoting Graduate Pricing Analyst and reference RA**** to apply.a****kd****dmwhwallacehind.aptrack.co DDI: **** **** **** Wallace Hind Selection, The Old Vicarage, Duston, Northants, NN5 ****JB. URL removed  " "['graduate', 'pricing', 'analyst', 'market', 'organisation', 'prospects', 'earn', 'incredible', 'entry', 'level', 'travel', 'globe', 'basic', 'additional', 'benefits', 'bonus', 'contributory', 'pension', 'days', 'holiday', 'generous', 'bonus', 'scheme', 'linked', 'individual', 'performance', 'location', 'commutable', 'locations', 'oxford', 'aylesbury', 'slough', 'reading', 'uxbridge', 'hemel', 'hempstead', 'west', 'london', 'postcode', 'hp', 'profile', 'established', 'decade', 'world', 'leader', 'providing', 'pharmaceutical', 'industry', 'range', 'critical', 'research', 'products', 'include', 'top', 'pharmaceutical', 'organisations', 'startup', 'businesses', 'globe', 'consultancy', 'range', 'forecasting', 'pricing', 'international', 'pricing', 'marketing', 'backed', 'relevant', 'evidence', 'models', 'due', 'growth', 'seek', 'talented', 'players', 'continued', 'success', 'specification', 'graduate', 'pricing', 'analyst', 'joining', 'alongside', 'dynamic', 'innovative', 'highly', 'intelligent', 'forecasting', 'pricing', 'programs', 'consultancy', 'recognised', 'pharmaceutical', 'organisations', 'world', 'alongside', 'passion', 'numbers', 'll', 'commercial', 'acumen', 'highlight', 'potential', 'risk', 'responsible', 'tasks', 'produce', 'forecast', 'models', 'covering', 'aspects', 'pharmaceutical', 'industry', 'include', 'forecasts', 'pricing', 'strategy', 'international', 'pricing', 'effect', 'trade', 'risk', 'analysis', 'translate', 'requirements', 'workable', 'briefs', 'cutting', 'edge', 'forecasting', 'technologies', 'developed', 'house', 'alongside', 'ms', 'excel', 'programming', 'produce', 'bespoke', 'forecast', 'models', 'profile', 'quickly', 'develop', 'understanding', 'suite', 'forecasting', 'pricing', 'methodologies', 'technologies', 'document', 'project', 'manage', 'creation', 'forecasting', 'pricing', 'models', 'tools', 'produce', 'manage', 'quality', 'detail', 'provided', 'continuously', 'develop', 'innovative', 'forecasting', 'methodologies', 'create', 'detailed', 'proposals', 'wins', 'commissioning', 'setting', 'running', 'requirements', 'graduate', 'pricing', 'analyst', 'ideally', 'gained', 'bachelor', 'degree', 'higher', 'sciences', 'medical', 'sciences', 'life', 'sciences', 'biology', 'chemical', 'biology', 'life', 'sciences', 'interface', 'biology', 'sciences', 'medicine', 'clinical', 'medicine', 'public', 'health', 'possess', 'passion', 'pharmaceuticals', 'wider', 'pharmaceutical', 'industry', 'grasp', 'mathematics', 'basic', 'statistics', 'prepared', 'travel', 'europe', 'usa', 'highly', 'organised', 'plan', 'ahead', 'hold', 'concentration', 'extended', 'periods', 'time', 'track', 'record', 'standard', 'projects', 'whilst', 'integral', 'part', 'highly', 'motivated', 'intellectual', 'computer', 'literate', 'excel', 'powerpoint', 'word', 'simple', 'spreadsheet', 'modelling', 'communicator', 'english', 'written', 'verbal', 'prospects', 'graduate', 'pricing', 'analyst', 'develop', 'believes', 'strongly', 'personal', 'professional', 'employees', 'ongoing', 'program', 'designed', 'develop', 'promote', 'individuals', 'maximum', 'potential', 'interested', 'interested', 'hearing', 'instance', 'email', 'richard', 'quoting', 'graduate', 'pricing', 'analyst', 'reference', 'kd', 'aptrack', 'ddi', 'wallace', 'hind', 'selection', 'vicarage', 'duston', 'northants', 'nn', 'jb', 'url', 'removed']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Engineering Recruitment Resourcer Birmingham
Webindex: 64144831
Company: Kelly Services
Description: Salary: &pound**** to &pound**** Location:Birmingham Company: Kelly Services Job Title:&nbspEngineering Recruitment Resourcer Job Description: Exciting opportunity to join our successful engineering department as an Engineering Recruitment resourcer in Birmingham. Our Engineering department specialises in all forms of engineering recruitment incorporating search and selection, contract and temporary staffing solutions. We offer a competitive salary alongside a rewarding bonus scheme and an excellent benefit package including pension, healthcare and life assurance. As an Resourcer you will be responsible for: Managing client account and providing excellent standards of customer service Managing end to end talent acquisition processes including head hunting, screening, interviewing and coordinating interview processes Increasing the positive reputation of Kelly Services Engineering within the account Why Work For Kelly? Kelly Services started the staffing industry as we know it in a small office in Detroit in **** and 65 years later we are a world leader in providing forward thinking workforce solutions. It&rsquos no accident that our company is driven by passionate, creative professionals that like to work hard, but have fun doing it. Kelly employees are up for a challenge, and motivated to work toward new career opportunities and growth within our organisation. We take pride in our high ethical standards and we realise the value of diversity Professional and technical recruitment is hard work, but can be the most rewarding of sectors to work in. Ideally you will have a proven track record in engineering recruitment however, we will consider applicants from other recruitment backgrounds. We are looking for people who are motivated by the rewards that come with sales and who are looking for a long term career with a global leader. PLEASE APPLY NOW" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00086.txt " Engineering Recruitment Resourcer Birmingham" " 64144831" " Kelly Services" " Salary: &pound**** to &pound**** Location:Birmingham Company: Kelly Services Job Title:&nbspEngineering Recruitment Resourcer Job Description: Exciting opportunity to join our successful engineering department as an Engineering Recruitment resourcer in Birmingham. Our Engineering department specialises in all forms of engineering recruitment incorporating search and selection, contract and temporary staffing solutions. We offer a competitive salary alongside a rewarding bonus scheme and an excellent benefit package including pension, healthcare and life assurance. As an Resourcer you will be responsible for: Managing client account and providing excellent standards of customer service Managing end to end talent acquisition processes including head hunting, screening, interviewing and coordinating interview processes Increasing the positive reputation of Kelly Services Engineering within the account Why Work For Kelly? Kelly Services started the staffing industry as we know it in a small office in Detroit in **** and 65 years later we are a world leader in providing forward thinking workforce solutions. It&rsquos no accident that our company is driven by passionate, creative professionals that like to work hard, but have fun doing it. Kelly employees are up for a challenge, and motivated to work toward new career opportunities and growth within our organisation. We take pride in our high ethical standards and we realise the value of diversity Professional and technical recruitment is hard work, but can be the most rewarding of sectors to work in. Ideally you will have a proven track record in engineering recruitment however, we will consider applicants from other recruitment backgrounds. We are looking for people who are motivated by the rewards that come with sales and who are looking for a long term career with a global leader. PLEASE APPLY NOW" "['pound', 'pound', 'location', 'birmingham', 'kelly', 'title', 'resourcer', 'description', 'exciting', 'department', 'resourcer', 'birmingham', 'department', 'specialises', 'forms', 'incorporating', 'search', 'selection', 'contract', 'temporary', 'staffing', 'solutions', 'offer', 'competitive', 'alongside', 'rewarding', 'bonus', 'scheme', 'benefit', 'package', 'pension', 'healthcare', 'life', 'assurance', 'resourcer', 'responsible', 'managing', 'account', 'providing', 'standards', 'managing', 'end', 'end', 'talent', 'acquisition', 'processes', 'head', 'hunting', 'screening', 'interviewing', 'coordinating', 'interview', 'processes', 'increasing', 'positive', 'reputation', 'kelly', 'account', 'kelly', 'kelly', 'started', 'staffing', 'industry', 'small', 'office', 'years', 'world', 'leader', 'providing', 'forward', 'thinking', 'workforce', 'solutions', 'rsquos', 'accident', 'driven', 'passionate', 'creative', 'professionals', 'hard', 'fun', 'kelly', 'employees', 'challenge', 'motivated', 'career', 'opportunities', 'growth', 'organisation', 'pride', 'ethical', 'standards', 'realise', 'diversity', 'professional', 'technical', 'hard', 'rewarding', 'sectors', 'ideally', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'applicants', 'backgrounds', 'people', 'motivated', 'rewards', 'long', 'term', 'career', 'global', 'leader']" Engineering
"Title: Senior Auxiliary Engineer
Webindex: 68346097
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Senior Auxiliary Engineer required to join a leading consultancy. Important Proven experience within a similar position The Job Our client is the leading independent centre of engineering design, design support and technical services for defence customers. From concept design to acquisition support, inservice design and technology management, we are known for our innovation, expertise and ability to tackle the most complex design and systems issues. Our strong track record in naval platform design for surface warships, submarine and auxiliaries together with extensive acquisition support experience within land domain projects is thanks to our people. If you have experience in all or some of the following areas then we would like to hear from you. We are looking for Mechanical Engineers to work for us on a permanent or contract basis in Bath. Roles and responsibilities will include: Responsible for all deliverables across the auxiliary systems to a consistently high standard and in accordance with the customer requirements and Class and Statute requirements Responsible for all HVAC systems as a whole to time, quality and budget to customer Manage sub contract design, changes, budget and onsite sub contract support, including resolving technical and nontechnical issues that arise Ensuring the department maintains adequate knowledge in this area through suitable training/Continual Professional Development (CPD) Liaise with senior management, design team, owners representative team and ship or submarine classification surveyors Personnel specification: HND/HNC and/or a degree in Mechanical or Marine Engineering Understanding of the issues pertaining to the integration of mechanical systems and equipment within ships or marine platforms Experience in some or all of the following areas are desirable: Refrigeration Fuel and water treatments Hydraulic systems Air conditioning plant arrangements In return, we offer a competitive salary, company amp; group wide profit share bonus scheme, subsidised gym/sports membership, payment of institution membership fees, company pension scheme, 25 days holiday and more. A relocation allowance is available where applicable. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00094.txt " Senior Auxiliary Engineer" " 68346097" " Matchtech Group plc." " Introduction Senior Auxiliary Engineer required to join a leading consultancy. Important Proven experience within a similar position The Job Our client is the leading independent centre of engineering design, design support and technical services for defence customers. From concept design to acquisition support, inservice design and technology management, we are known for our innovation, expertise and ability to tackle the most complex design and systems issues. Our strong track record in naval platform design for surface warships, submarine and auxiliaries together with extensive acquisition support experience within land domain projects is thanks to our people. If you have experience in all or some of the following areas then we would like to hear from you. We are looking for Mechanical Engineers to work for us on a permanent or contract basis in Bath. Roles and responsibilities will include: Responsible for all deliverables across the auxiliary systems to a consistently high standard and in accordance with the customer requirements and Class and Statute requirements Responsible for all HVAC systems as a whole to time, quality and budget to customer Manage sub contract design, changes, budget and onsite sub contract support, including resolving technical and nontechnical issues that arise Ensuring the department maintains adequate knowledge in this area through suitable training/Continual Professional Development (CPD) Liaise with senior management, design team, owners representative team and ship or submarine classification surveyors Personnel specification: HND/HNC and/or a degree in Mechanical or Marine Engineering Understanding of the issues pertaining to the integration of mechanical systems and equipment within ships or marine platforms Experience in some or all of the following areas are desirable: Refrigeration Fuel and water treatments Hydraulic systems Air conditioning plant arrangements In return, we offer a competitive salary, company amp; group wide profit share bonus scheme, subsidised gym/sports membership, payment of institution membership fees, company pension scheme, 25 days holiday and more. A relocation allowance is available where applicable. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK" "['introduction', 'senior', 'auxiliary', 'consultancy', 'important', 'proven', 'similar', 'independent', 'centre', 'technical', 'defence', 'customers', 'concept', 'acquisition', 'inservice', 'technology', 'innovation', 'expertise', 'tackle', 'complex', 'issues', 'track', 'record', 'naval', 'platform', 'surface', 'warships', 'submarine', 'auxiliaries', 'extensive', 'acquisition', 'land', 'projects', 'people', 'areas', 'hear', 'mechanical', 'engineers', 'permanent', 'contract', 'basis', 'bath', 'roles', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'responsible', 'deliverables', 'auxiliary', 'consistently', 'standard', 'accordance', 'requirements', 'class', 'requirements', 'responsible', 'hvac', 'time', 'quality', 'budget', 'manage', 'contract', 'budget', 'onsite', 'contract', 'resolving', 'technical', 'issues', 'arise', 'ensuring', 'department', 'maintains', 'adequate', 'area', 'suitable', 'continual', 'professional', 'cpd', 'liaise', 'senior', 'owners', 'representative', 'ship', 'submarine', 'classification', 'surveyors', 'personnel', 'specification', 'hnd', 'hnc', 'degree', 'mechanical', 'marine', 'understanding', 'issues', 'integration', 'mechanical', 'equipment', 'ships', 'marine', 'platforms', 'areas', 'desirable', 'refrigeration', 'fuel', 'water', 'treatments', 'hydraulic', 'air', 'conditioning', 'plant', 'arrangements', 'return', 'offer', 'competitive', 'amp', 'group', 'wide', 'profit', 'share', 'bonus', 'scheme', 'subsidised', 'gym', 'sports', 'membership', 'payment', 'institution', 'membership', 'fees', 'pension', 'scheme', 'days', 'holiday', 'relocation', 'allowance', 'applicable', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'live']" Engineering
"Title: Care Home Manager  Cambridge
Webindex: 71805339
Company: Populus Healthcare
Description: Would you like to make a real difference to the lives of adults affected by learning disabilities?Do you have home management experience?Would you like the chance to work for a well respected, charitable organisation?On behalf of a fantastic charitable organisation I am looking for a Manager for one of their excellent services in the Cambridge areaMy client is a leading provider of care and support to adults with disabilities and they now have a vacancy for a Manager to manage one of their excellent residential homes in Cambridgeshire. The home offers support to **** young adults with learning disabilities and complex care needs. They promote a quality lifestyle for each individual through an organised programme of social, educational, recreational and leisure activities.The role of Home Manager will include managing rota's, budgets, liaising with social services, healthcare profressionals, families, ensuring residents lead a quality lifestyle, ensuring the home run in accordance with the organisations policies and procedures. The ideal person will be an experienced home manager, be able to demonstrate a working knowledge of the needs of young adults with learning disabilities and complex needs and will hold a recognised qualification in care management. On a personal level you have excellent people management skills, be highly organised and possess excellent communication skills both written and verbal. In return for your hard work and commitment my client is offering a competitive salary that is negotiable depending on experience, pension scheme, commitment to learning and career development, childcare support scheme. If you would like to be considered for this excellent opportunity you will need to email your CV quoting reference number 'J****NF' to n.finniganpopulusconsultants.com or call **** **** **** and ask for Nichola." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00541.txt " Care Home Manager  Cambridge" " 71805339" " Populus Healthcare" " Would you like to make a real difference to the lives of adults affected by learning disabilities?Do you have home management experience?Would you like the chance to work for a well respected, charitable organisation?On behalf of a fantastic charitable organisation I am looking for a Manager for one of their excellent services in the Cambridge areaMy client is a leading provider of care and support to adults with disabilities and they now have a vacancy for a Manager to manage one of their excellent residential homes in Cambridgeshire. The home offers support to **** young adults with learning disabilities and complex care needs. They promote a quality lifestyle for each individual through an organised programme of social, educational, recreational and leisure activities.The role of Home Manager will include managing rota's, budgets, liaising with social services, healthcare profressionals, families, ensuring residents lead a quality lifestyle, ensuring the home run in accordance with the organisations policies and procedures. The ideal person will be an experienced home manager, be able to demonstrate a working knowledge of the needs of young adults with learning disabilities and complex needs and will hold a recognised qualification in care management. On a personal level you have excellent people management skills, be highly organised and possess excellent communication skills both written and verbal. In return for your hard work and commitment my client is offering a competitive salary that is negotiable depending on experience, pension scheme, commitment to learning and career development, childcare support scheme. If you would like to be considered for this excellent opportunity you will need to email your CV quoting reference number 'J****NF' to n.finniganpopulusconsultants.com or call **** **** **** and ask for Nichola." "['make', 'real', 'difference', 'lives', 'adults', 'affected', 'learning', 'disabilities', 'chance', 'respected', 'charitable', 'organisation', 'behalf', 'fantastic', 'charitable', 'organisation', 'cambridge', 'provider', 'adults', 'disabilities', 'vacancy', 'manage', 'residential', 'homes', 'cambridgeshire', 'offers', 'young', 'adults', 'learning', 'disabilities', 'complex', 'promote', 'quality', 'lifestyle', 'individual', 'organised', 'programme', 'social', 'educational', 'leisure', 'activities', 'include', 'managing', ""rota's"", 'budgets', 'liaising', 'social', 'healthcare', 'families', 'ensuring', 'residents', 'lead', 'quality', 'lifestyle', 'ensuring', 'run', 'accordance', 'organisations', 'policies', 'procedures', 'ideal', 'person', 'experienced', 'demonstrate', 'young', 'adults', 'learning', 'disabilities', 'complex', 'hold', 'recognised', 'qualification', 'personal', 'level', 'people', 'highly', 'organised', 'possess', 'communication', 'written', 'verbal', 'return', 'hard', 'commitment', 'offering', 'competitive', 'negotiable', 'depending', 'pension', 'scheme', 'commitment', 'learning', 'career', 'childcare', 'scheme', 'considered', 'email', 'cv', 'quoting', 'reference', 'number', 'call']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Mechanical Draughtsman, Autodesk Inventor
Webindex: 71821372
Company: JJ FOX
Description: Keywords: Autodesk, Inventor, Autocad, Draughtsman, Engineering. jjFOX Are currently recruiting Mechanical Draughtsman with experience in AutoCAD and Autodesk Inventor to fill a contract requirement in a Northumberland based Engineering firm. The successful candidate will have experience and ability in the following: Autodesk Inventor Drafting with Autocad mechanical Production of assembly and detail drawings Provide engineering support to Project Engineers including meeting with customers if required Working within company design standards and applicable industry standards knowledge of relevant engineering standards properties and applications of materials (metallic and non metallic) The client is hiring on an initial **** month basis with a strong likelihood of extension for the right Engineer. The hourly Rate will be between **** and **** dependant on experience. If you have the skills and experience listed and are available to interview with a view to beginning on short notice please submit your CV to: Luke Smith (Apply online only)" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00080.txt " Mechanical Draughtsman, Autodesk Inventor" " 71821372" " JJ FOX" " Keywords: Autodesk, Inventor, Autocad, Draughtsman, Engineering. jjFOX Are currently recruiting Mechanical Draughtsman with experience in AutoCAD and Autodesk Inventor to fill a contract requirement in a Northumberland based Engineering firm. The successful candidate will have experience and ability in the following: Autodesk Inventor Drafting with Autocad mechanical Production of assembly and detail drawings Provide engineering support to Project Engineers including meeting with customers if required Working within company design standards and applicable industry standards knowledge of relevant engineering standards properties and applications of materials (metallic and non metallic) The client is hiring on an initial **** month basis with a strong likelihood of extension for the right Engineer. The hourly Rate will be between **** and **** dependant on experience. If you have the skills and experience listed and are available to interview with a view to beginning on short notice please submit your CV to: Luke Smith (Apply online only)" "['keywords', 'autodesk', 'inventor', 'autocad', 'draughtsman', 'jjfox', 'recruiting', 'mechanical', 'draughtsman', 'autocad', 'autodesk', 'inventor', 'fill', 'contract', 'requirement', 'northumberland', 'firm', 'autodesk', 'inventor', 'autocad', 'mechanical', 'production', 'assembly', 'detail', 'drawings', 'project', 'engineers', 'meeting', 'customers', 'standards', 'applicable', 'industry', 'standards', 'relevant', 'standards', 'properties', 'applications', 'materials', 'metallic', 'metallic', 'hiring', 'initial', 'month', 'basis', 'extension', 'hourly', 'rate', 'dependant', 'listed', 'interview', 'view', 'short', 'notice', 'submit', 'cv', 'smith', 'online']" Engineering
"Title: Practice Manager  North Yorkshire
Webindex: 71841765
Company: Inspired Selections
Description: Job Description: Inspired Selections  Practice Manager  North Yorkshire. This company recognise you are a Business Manager first and foremost and you are encouraged to treat your branch as if it were your own business. You will be responsible to maximising customer service, sales and profit through the recruitment, development, coaching and leadership of branch teams to enable them to deliver the very best service levels. Your Career Some Branch Managers are qualified Dispensing Opticians and this company really do value their clinical expertise. However, they would also consider applications from people who do not have this qualification but have some relevant and successful managerial experience. If you were interested in becoming clinically trained though, this company could support you in gaining the Dispensing Optician qualification. There are a variety of opportunities open to you atthhis company to suit individual career aspirations. Through your annual Personal Development Review (PDR) we ll support you in whatever way we can to realise your potential. This may mean: managing a bigger branch joining the Regional team becoming a Champion within your region (in areas such as Recruitment and Employee Relations) training to become an NVQ assessor even take the next step into an Area Manager role. Alternatively you may want to pursue a clinical route. We will always endeavour to support you in achieving your ambitions. Your Benefits You can expect to enjoy a wide range of excellent benefits. Here is a flavour: Competitive salary (relating to size of branch) Management incentive Excellent working environment NVQ Training/Management Training Colleague discount scheme Company pension scheme Company sick pay Life Assurance Generous 25 days holiday Private Health Care GOC fees paid (if a Dispensing Optician)" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00427.txt " Practice Manager  North Yorkshire" " 71841765" " Inspired Selections" " Job Description: Inspired Selections  Practice Manager  North Yorkshire. This company recognise you are a Business Manager first and foremost and you are encouraged to treat your branch as if it were your own business. You will be responsible to maximising customer service, sales and profit through the recruitment, development, coaching and leadership of branch teams to enable them to deliver the very best service levels. Your Career Some Branch Managers are qualified Dispensing Opticians and this company really do value their clinical expertise. However, they would also consider applications from people who do not have this qualification but have some relevant and successful managerial experience. If you were interested in becoming clinically trained though, this company could support you in gaining the Dispensing Optician qualification. There are a variety of opportunities open to you atthhis company to suit individual career aspirations. Through your annual Personal Development Review (PDR) we ll support you in whatever way we can to realise your potential. This may mean: managing a bigger branch joining the Regional team becoming a Champion within your region (in areas such as Recruitment and Employee Relations) training to become an NVQ assessor even take the next step into an Area Manager role. Alternatively you may want to pursue a clinical route. We will always endeavour to support you in achieving your ambitions. Your Benefits You can expect to enjoy a wide range of excellent benefits. Here is a flavour: Competitive salary (relating to size of branch) Management incentive Excellent working environment NVQ Training/Management Training Colleague discount scheme Company pension scheme Company sick pay Life Assurance Generous 25 days holiday Private Health Care GOC fees paid (if a Dispensing Optician)" "['description', 'inspired', 'selections', 'practice', 'north', 'yorkshire', 'recognise', 'foremost', 'encouraged', 'treat', 'branch', 'responsible', 'maximising', 'profit', 'coaching', 'leadership', 'branch', 'teams', 'enable', 'deliver', 'levels', 'career', 'branch', 'managers', 'qualified', 'dispensing', 'opticians', 'clinical', 'expertise', 'applications', 'people', 'qualification', 'relevant', 'managerial', 'interested', 'clinically', 'trained', 'gaining', 'dispensing', 'optician', 'qualification', 'variety', 'opportunities', 'open', 'suit', 'individual', 'career', 'aspirations', 'annual', 'personal', 'review', 'll', 'realise', 'potential', 'managing', 'branch', 'joining', 'regional', 'champion', 'region', 'areas', 'employee', 'relations', 'nvq', 'assessor', 'step', 'area', 'alternatively', 'pursue', 'clinical', 'route', 'endeavour', 'achieving', 'ambitions', 'benefits', 'expect', 'enjoy', 'wide', 'range', 'benefits', 'competitive', 'relating', 'size', 'branch', 'incentive', 'environment', 'nvq', 'colleague', 'discount', 'scheme', 'pension', 'scheme', 'sick', 'pay', 'life', 'assurance', 'generous', 'days', 'holiday', 'private', 'health', 'goc', 'fees', 'paid', 'dispensing', 'optician']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Independent Sales Executive
Webindex: 62004449
Company: Red Dot Recruitment
Description: Independent Sales Executive Would you like to be your own boss? Choose your own working routine? We are looking for an Independent Sales Executive to Join the UK largest breakdown company. Are you finding it harder to work for a boss? Have you always wanted a better work/life balance? If so then this is the perfect opportunity for you to become your own boss The Opportunity Our sales executives work for themselves under an authorised representative model and earn very well for themselves while enjoying a tremendous selfregulated lifestyle. The Person Our existing Sales executives have come from diverse backgrounds: from sales and marketing, to law, accounting, general management, customer service, business owners, to stay at home mums and dads looking to return to the work force. They all have one thing in common and that is to build a stronger financial wall around themselves and their family s that is sustainable throughout even the most hostile of economic climates. The Rewards As a selfemployed Sales executives you have the potential to earn an executive income whilst working for yourself. Our client has the experienced rapid growth this year, with 2013 set to be their biggest year yet. Work from anywhere with simply your promotional equipment and your designated area. Then start to earn extraordinary money, enjoy an interesting and professional occupation, all the while introducing the work/life balance you ve always wanted. To give you an idea of earnings, the average sales executives earns between **** to **** With high earners achieving **** This is working on average five days out of seven. Contact Claire on **** **** **** for more information or apply on line Now" 3 data/Sales\Job_00741.txt " Independent Sales Executive" " 62004449" " Red Dot Recruitment" " Independent Sales Executive Would you like to be your own boss? Choose your own working routine? We are looking for an Independent Sales Executive to Join the UK largest breakdown company. Are you finding it harder to work for a boss? Have you always wanted a better work/life balance? If so then this is the perfect opportunity for you to become your own boss The Opportunity Our sales executives work for themselves under an authorised representative model and earn very well for themselves while enjoying a tremendous selfregulated lifestyle. The Person Our existing Sales executives have come from diverse backgrounds: from sales and marketing, to law, accounting, general management, customer service, business owners, to stay at home mums and dads looking to return to the work force. They all have one thing in common and that is to build a stronger financial wall around themselves and their family s that is sustainable throughout even the most hostile of economic climates. The Rewards As a selfemployed Sales executives you have the potential to earn an executive income whilst working for yourself. Our client has the experienced rapid growth this year, with 2013 set to be their biggest year yet. Work from anywhere with simply your promotional equipment and your designated area. Then start to earn extraordinary money, enjoy an interesting and professional occupation, all the while introducing the work/life balance you ve always wanted. To give you an idea of earnings, the average sales executives earns between **** to **** With high earners achieving **** This is working on average five days out of seven. Contact Claire on **** **** **** for more information or apply on line Now" "['independent', 'executive', 'boss', 'choose', 'routine', 'independent', 'executive', 'largest', 'breakdown', 'finding', 'boss', 'wanted', 'life', 'balance', 'perfect', 'boss', 'executives', 'authorised', 'representative', 'model', 'earn', 'enjoying', 'tremendous', 'lifestyle', 'person', 'existing', 'executives', 'diverse', 'backgrounds', 'marketing', 'law', 'accounting', 'general', 'owners', 'stay', 'return', 'force', 'thing', 'common', 'build', 'stronger', 'wall', 'family', 'sustainable', 'economic', 'rewards', 'selfemployed', 'executives', 'potential', 'earn', 'executive', 'income', 'whilst', 'experienced', 'rapid', 'growth', 'year', 'set', 'biggest', 'year', 'simply', 'promotional', 'equipment', 'designated', 'area', 'start', 'earn', 'money', 'enjoy', 'interesting', 'professional', 'introducing', 'life', 'balance', 've', 'wanted', 'give', 'idea', 'earnings', 'average', 'executives', 'earners', 'achieving', 'average', 'days', 'contact', 'information', 'line']" Sales
"Title: Principal Engineer
Webindex: 69267364
Company: DSTL
Description: Principal Engineer **** Portsdown West, Hampshire This is a key role within our Mounted Systems Concepts Team. We re looking for someone with experience in design, build or assessment of mechanical engineering projects to provide technical leadership and engineering advice to MoD by conducting assessments of military vehicles. You will:  Liaise with Arms and Services Directorates at senior level  Assess availability, reliability and maintenance of military vehicles  Provide highlevel analytical, statistical and engineering expertise  Represent Dstl at highprofile meetings and conferences To take on all the challenges this role brings, you ll need:  Degree in an Engineering, Scientific or Analytical discipline, chartered status or an equivalent level of experience  Track record of delivering highquality technical work to tight deadlines  Experience of applying a variety of quantitative and/or qualitative analysis techniques  Proven ability to convey complex issues in a clear and concise way Dstl is one of the principal government organisations dedicated to science and technology in the defence and security field. We work with the best people with the best ideas around the world  from very small companies to worldclass universities, huge defence companies. even other nations. Together we develop battlewinning technologies, based on deep and widespread research, supporting UK military operations now and in the future. Job reference: **** Closing date: 15 February, 2013. Interview Date: 14 March, 2013. Open to UK Nationals only. Please go to our website via the apply Now button to download a Dstl Application Form. Email this in MS Word format to HR Business Services dstlrecruitmentdstl.gov.uk quoting the vacancy reference in the subject line Defence Science and Technology Laboratory  Maximising the impact of science and technology for the defence and security of the UK." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00091.txt " Principal Engineer" " 69267364" " DSTL" " Principal Engineer **** Portsdown West, Hampshire This is a key role within our Mounted Systems Concepts Team. We re looking for someone with experience in design, build or assessment of mechanical engineering projects to provide technical leadership and engineering advice to MoD by conducting assessments of military vehicles. You will:  Liaise with Arms and Services Directorates at senior level  Assess availability, reliability and maintenance of military vehicles  Provide highlevel analytical, statistical and engineering expertise  Represent Dstl at highprofile meetings and conferences To take on all the challenges this role brings, you ll need:  Degree in an Engineering, Scientific or Analytical discipline, chartered status or an equivalent level of experience  Track record of delivering highquality technical work to tight deadlines  Experience of applying a variety of quantitative and/or qualitative analysis techniques  Proven ability to convey complex issues in a clear and concise way Dstl is one of the principal government organisations dedicated to science and technology in the defence and security field. We work with the best people with the best ideas around the world  from very small companies to worldclass universities, huge defence companies. even other nations. Together we develop battlewinning technologies, based on deep and widespread research, supporting UK military operations now and in the future. Job reference: **** Closing date: 15 February, 2013. Interview Date: 14 March, 2013. Open to UK Nationals only. Please go to our website via the apply Now button to download a Dstl Application Form. Email this in MS Word format to HR Business Services dstlrecruitmentdstl.gov.uk quoting the vacancy reference in the subject line Defence Science and Technology Laboratory  Maximising the impact of science and technology for the defence and security of the UK." "['principal', 'west', 'hampshire', 'key', 'concepts', 'build', 'assessment', 'mechanical', 'projects', 'technical', 'leadership', 'advice', 'mod', 'conducting', 'assessments', 'military', 'vehicles', 'liaise', 'directorates', 'senior', 'level', 'assess', 'availability', 'reliability', 'maintenance', 'military', 'vehicles', 'highlevel', 'analytical', 'statistical', 'expertise', 'represent', 'dstl', 'highprofile', 'meetings', 'conferences', 'challenges', 'brings', 'll', 'degree', 'scientific', 'analytical', 'discipline', 'chartered', 'status', 'equivalent', 'level', 'track', 'record', 'delivering', 'highquality', 'technical', 'tight', 'deadlines', 'applying', 'variety', 'quantitative', 'qualitative', 'analysis', 'techniques', 'proven', 'complex', 'issues', 'clear', 'concise', 'dstl', 'principal', 'government', 'organisations', 'dedicated', 'science', 'technology', 'defence', 'security', 'field', 'people', 'ideas', 'world', 'small', 'companies', 'worldclass', 'universities', 'huge', 'defence', 'companies', 'develop', 'technologies', 'deep', 'research', 'supporting', 'military', 'operations', 'future', 'reference', 'closing', 'date', 'february', 'interview', 'date', 'march', 'open', 'nationals', 'website', 'button', 'download', 'dstl', 'application', 'form', 'email', 'ms', 'word', 'format', 'hr', 'gov', 'quoting', 'vacancy', 'reference', 'subject', 'line', 'defence', 'science', 'technology', 'laboratory', 'maximising', 'impact', 'science', 'technology', 'defence', 'security']" Engineering
"Title: Sharp / Ricoh Trained Photocopier Engineer
Webindex: 68293795
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Our client has a vacancy for a Sharp or Ricoh trained field service engineer ideally based around the hampshire southampton /portsmouth), This is a driving role with a car, (you would be expected to work in other areas when busy). You will be able to demonstrate that you can communicate well with clients and staff alike. You will be able to link machines to customers network, knowledge with Equitrac, Papercut and SIMMS would be advantageous, further training will be provided. if you have a flair for software there are lots of opportunities for the right individual to develop in that areaThe successful candidate will need to have a good understanding of the printing process and some networking skills. You MUST have recognised training with Sharp, you must be able to demonstrate an analytical approach to fault finding and be able to work with minimum supervision. You will be familiar with working to targets. This is an additional position for the Southern service division which has seen consistent growth over the last couple of years so it's a great opportunity for the right candidate. A competitive salary and company car are on offer to the right individual who wants to work for a company that is doing very well in these times. For further information please preferably with a CV in Word or PDF format. Our client is an equal opportunities employer and does not discriminate against race, sex, disability, sexual orientation or age." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00230.txt " Sharp / Ricoh Trained Photocopier Engineer" " 68293795" " UKStaffsearch" " Our client has a vacancy for a Sharp or Ricoh trained field service engineer ideally based around the hampshire southampton /portsmouth), This is a driving role with a car, (you would be expected to work in other areas when busy). You will be able to demonstrate that you can communicate well with clients and staff alike. You will be able to link machines to customers network, knowledge with Equitrac, Papercut and SIMMS would be advantageous, further training will be provided. if you have a flair for software there are lots of opportunities for the right individual to develop in that areaThe successful candidate will need to have a good understanding of the printing process and some networking skills. You MUST have recognised training with Sharp, you must be able to demonstrate an analytical approach to fault finding and be able to work with minimum supervision. You will be familiar with working to targets. This is an additional position for the Southern service division which has seen consistent growth over the last couple of years so it's a great opportunity for the right candidate. A competitive salary and company car are on offer to the right individual who wants to work for a company that is doing very well in these times. For further information please preferably with a CV in Word or PDF format. Our client is an equal opportunities employer and does not discriminate against race, sex, disability, sexual orientation or age." "['vacancy', 'sharp', 'trained', 'field', 'ideally', 'hampshire', 'southampton', 'portsmouth', 'driving', 'car', 'expected', 'areas', 'busy', 'demonstrate', 'communicate', 'alike', 'link', 'machines', 'customers', 'network', 'advantageous', 'provided', 'flair', 'software', 'lots', 'opportunities', 'individual', 'develop', 'understanding', 'process', 'networking', 'recognised', 'sharp', 'demonstrate', 'analytical', 'approach', 'fault', 'finding', 'minimum', 'supervision', 'familiar', 'targets', 'additional', 'southern', 'division', 'consistent', 'growth', 'couple', 'years', 'great', 'competitive', 'car', 'offer', 'individual', 'times', 'information', 'preferably', 'cv', 'word', 'format', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer', 'discriminate', 'race', 'sex', 'disability', 'sexual', 'orientation', 'age']" Engineering
"Title: Senior Electrical Engineer Plymouth
Webindex: 72351795
Company: Penguin Recruitment Ltd
Description: Senior Electrical Engineer Plymouth Ref MR**** Salary ****k As one of the largest and most renowned firms of its kind, our client prides itself on its wealth of knowledge and indepth understanding of the industry. With a reputation for unique solutions and clever design, our client is continually striving to stay at the forefront of modern technology. Employees can expect to work in an open, honest and friendly environment where teamwork and knowledge contribution are actively encouraged. Our client is currently looking for enthusiastic new individuals to join the team. Suitable Qualifications: Educated to a degree level in electrical engineering or a similar relevant discipline Actively working towards chartered status Have a comprehensive understanding of Building Services Engineering Strong communication skills (both written and verbal)  Work well as part of a team Duties: Working alongside the executive electrical engineer, successful candidates will be expected to take briefs and support and produce designs for a wide variety of projects. Quickly respond to clients needs with imagination and passion in order to deliver above and beyond client expectations in order to maintain high levels of quality and professionalism. Experience: Suitable candidates will have previous experience in the design of relevant electrical systems such as: Fire detection Lighting and design Security Controls and Building Management Systems Ideally candidates will have previous experience of working in a building services or sustainability sector Rewards and Benefits: My client is offering a highly competitive start up salary of ****k as well as a very healthy benefits package including; Contributory pension scheme Private health care Permanent health insurance Comprehensive flexible benefits scheme To discuss this vacancy and other positions within the environmental sector, please do not hesitate to contact MIKAELA RABAIOTTI on **** **** or email your CV to mikaela.rabaiottipenguinrecruitment.co.uk and we will get back to you." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00030.txt " Senior Electrical Engineer Plymouth" " 72351795" " Penguin Recruitment Ltd" " Senior Electrical Engineer Plymouth Ref MR**** Salary ****k As one of the largest and most renowned firms of its kind, our client prides itself on its wealth of knowledge and indepth understanding of the industry. With a reputation for unique solutions and clever design, our client is continually striving to stay at the forefront of modern technology. Employees can expect to work in an open, honest and friendly environment where teamwork and knowledge contribution are actively encouraged. Our client is currently looking for enthusiastic new individuals to join the team. Suitable Qualifications: Educated to a degree level in electrical engineering or a similar relevant discipline Actively working towards chartered status Have a comprehensive understanding of Building Services Engineering Strong communication skills (both written and verbal)  Work well as part of a team Duties: Working alongside the executive electrical engineer, successful candidates will be expected to take briefs and support and produce designs for a wide variety of projects. Quickly respond to clients needs with imagination and passion in order to deliver above and beyond client expectations in order to maintain high levels of quality and professionalism. Experience: Suitable candidates will have previous experience in the design of relevant electrical systems such as: Fire detection Lighting and design Security Controls and Building Management Systems Ideally candidates will have previous experience of working in a building services or sustainability sector Rewards and Benefits: My client is offering a highly competitive start up salary of ****k as well as a very healthy benefits package including; Contributory pension scheme Private health care Permanent health insurance Comprehensive flexible benefits scheme To discuss this vacancy and other positions within the environmental sector, please do not hesitate to contact MIKAELA RABAIOTTI on **** **** or email your CV to mikaela.rabaiottipenguinrecruitment.co.uk and we will get back to you." "['senior', 'electrical', 'plymouth', 'ref', 'largest', 'renowned', 'firms', 'kind', 'prides', 'wealth', 'indepth', 'understanding', 'industry', 'reputation', 'unique', 'solutions', 'continually', 'striving', 'stay', 'forefront', 'modern', 'technology', 'employees', 'expect', 'open', 'honest', 'friendly', 'environment', 'teamwork', 'contribution', 'actively', 'encouraged', 'enthusiastic', 'individuals', 'suitable', 'qualifications', 'educated', 'degree', 'level', 'electrical', 'similar', 'relevant', 'discipline', 'actively', 'chartered', 'status', 'comprehensive', 'understanding', 'building', 'communication', 'written', 'verbal', 'part', 'duties', 'alongside', 'executive', 'electrical', 'candidates', 'expected', 'briefs', 'produce', 'designs', 'wide', 'variety', 'projects', 'quickly', 'respond', 'passion', 'order', 'deliver', 'expectations', 'order', 'maintain', 'levels', 'quality', 'professionalism', 'suitable', 'candidates', 'previous', 'relevant', 'electrical', 'fire', 'detection', 'lighting', 'security', 'controls', 'building', 'ideally', 'candidates', 'previous', 'building', 'sustainability', 'sector', 'rewards', 'benefits', 'offering', 'highly', 'competitive', 'start', 'healthy', 'benefits', 'package', 'contributory', 'pension', 'scheme', 'private', 'health', 'permanent', 'health', 'insurance', 'comprehensive', 'flexible', 'benefits', 'scheme', 'discuss', 'vacancy', 'positions', 'environmental', 'sector', 'hesitate', 'contact', 'mikaela', 'email', 'cv', 'mikaela', 'back']" Engineering
"Title: European Sales Manager
Webindex: 72439398
Company: BMS Sales Specialists
Description: European Sales Manager  Manufacturing Services THE COMPANY : Part of a global conglomerate, this extremely wellestablished medical manufacturing organisation now seeks a new sales manager to cover Ireland, the UK and Benelux. This division offers a design, engineering, prototype and manufacturing service for the medical device manufacturing marketplace, with sales taking place at development manager, procurement and logistics departments. THE PERSON : The ideal candidate will arrive with a strong track record of sales, with extensive experience of selling into medical device manufacturers. You will possess gravitas as well as strong commercial and technical skills, and will be able to travel widely. Ongoing training, support and sales career opportunities here are excellent. THE PACKAGE: €****k  €****k Fully Expensed Company Car Mobile, Laptop, Pension, Healthcare, 25 Days Holidays. Ireland, Leinster, Midlands, Dublin, Kildare, Meath, Westmeath, Offaly, Longford, Laois, **** Counties. BMS Recruitment specialises in sales recruitment in Ireland. BMS currently operate across **** specialised divisions and service a variety of SME, Blue Chip and Corporate Clients offering sales jobs for graduates, sales representatives, sales executives, sales engineers, area sales managers, territory managers and account managers. As an Organisation BMS are committed to meeting all potentially suitable candidates face to face. BMS consists of highly focused teams, aimed at specific market sectors, enabling us to deliver a service directly tailored to your needs. Please visit our website at www.bmssales.ie or contact one of our consultants on **** **** or email careersbmssales.ie. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EuropeanSalesManager_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00702.txt " European Sales Manager" " 72439398" " BMS Sales Specialists" " European Sales Manager  Manufacturing Services THE COMPANY : Part of a global conglomerate, this extremely wellestablished medical manufacturing organisation now seeks a new sales manager to cover Ireland, the UK and Benelux. This division offers a design, engineering, prototype and manufacturing service for the medical device manufacturing marketplace, with sales taking place at development manager, procurement and logistics departments. THE PERSON : The ideal candidate will arrive with a strong track record of sales, with extensive experience of selling into medical device manufacturers. You will possess gravitas as well as strong commercial and technical skills, and will be able to travel widely. Ongoing training, support and sales career opportunities here are excellent. THE PACKAGE: €****k  €****k Fully Expensed Company Car Mobile, Laptop, Pension, Healthcare, 25 Days Holidays. Ireland, Leinster, Midlands, Dublin, Kildare, Meath, Westmeath, Offaly, Longford, Laois, **** Counties. BMS Recruitment specialises in sales recruitment in Ireland. BMS currently operate across **** specialised divisions and service a variety of SME, Blue Chip and Corporate Clients offering sales jobs for graduates, sales representatives, sales executives, sales engineers, area sales managers, territory managers and account managers. As an Organisation BMS are committed to meeting all potentially suitable candidates face to face. BMS consists of highly focused teams, aimed at specific market sectors, enabling us to deliver a service directly tailored to your needs. Please visit our website at www.bmssales.ie or contact one of our consultants on **** **** or email careersbmssales.ie. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EuropeanSalesManager_job****" "['european', 'manufacturing', 'part', 'global', 'extremely', 'wellestablished', 'medical', 'manufacturing', 'organisation', 'seeks', 'cover', 'ireland', 'benelux', 'division', 'offers', 'prototype', 'manufacturing', 'medical', 'device', 'manufacturing', 'marketplace', 'taking', 'place', 'procurement', 'logistics', 'departments', 'person', 'ideal', 'track', 'record', 'extensive', 'selling', 'medical', 'device', 'manufacturers', 'possess', 'commercial', 'technical', 'travel', 'widely', 'ongoing', 'career', 'opportunities', 'package', 'fully', 'expensed', 'car', 'mobile', 'laptop', 'pension', 'healthcare', 'days', 'holidays', 'ireland', 'midlands', 'dublin', 'counties', 'bms', 'specialises', 'ireland', 'bms', 'operate', 'specialised', 'divisions', 'variety', 'sme', 'blue', 'chip', 'corporate', 'offering', 'jobs', 'graduates', 'representatives', 'executives', 'engineers', 'area', 'managers', 'territory', 'managers', 'account', 'managers', 'organisation', 'bms', 'committed', 'meeting', 'potentially', 'suitable', 'candidates', 'face', 'face', 'bms', 'consists', 'highly', 'focused', 'teams', 'aimed', 'specific', 'market', 'sectors', 'enabling', 'deliver', 'directly', 'tailored', 'visit', 'website', 'www', 'contact', 'consultants', 'email', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Plant Fitter and Plant Service Engineers (Nationwide)
Webindex: 71186393
Company: Q Personnel Employment Services
Description: We are currently working in partnership with a large number of earthmoving equipment manufacturers, dealerships and hire organisations across the UK. We currently have permanent vacancies in the following areas: Wigan, Warrington, Gloucs, Herts, Beds, Home Counties, London, Kent, Surrey, Cambs, Sussex, WestonSuperMare Ideally you will be apprenticed trained to NVQ Level 3, but it is essential that you have mechanical, hydraulic and electrical experience on heavy mobile plant machinery. All roles offer a competitive salary plus overtime, van, laptop, mobile phone etc. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PlantFitterandPlantServiceEngineersNationwide_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00130.txt " Plant Fitter and Plant Service Engineers (Nationwide)" " 71186393" " Q Personnel Employment Services" " We are currently working in partnership with a large number of earthmoving equipment manufacturers, dealerships and hire organisations across the UK. We currently have permanent vacancies in the following areas: Wigan, Warrington, Gloucs, Herts, Beds, Home Counties, London, Kent, Surrey, Cambs, Sussex, WestonSuperMare Ideally you will be apprenticed trained to NVQ Level 3, but it is essential that you have mechanical, hydraulic and electrical experience on heavy mobile plant machinery. All roles offer a competitive salary plus overtime, van, laptop, mobile phone etc. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PlantFitterandPlantServiceEngineersNationwide_job****" "['partnership', 'large', 'number', 'equipment', 'manufacturers', 'dealerships', 'hire', 'organisations', 'permanent', 'vacancies', 'areas', 'wigan', 'warrington', 'beds', 'counties', 'london', 'kent', 'surrey', 'sussex', 'westonsupermare', 'ideally', 'trained', 'nvq', 'level', 'essential', 'mechanical', 'hydraulic', 'electrical', 'heavy', 'mobile', 'plant', 'machinery', 'roles', 'offer', 'competitive', 'overtime', 'van', 'laptop', 'mobile', 'phone', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Salaried GP Job London
Webindex: 69199873
Company: JustGP
Description: The practice is looking for a motivated and committed GP to join their busy daytime surgery based in London. This job is in a great location in London, and offers excellent transport links. ASAP Start Up to **** per annum. Full time hours Benefits include; Market leading salary Good annual leave plus paid study leave days Sick pay Pension scheme Staff parking Friendly and supportive team To be considered you must have a proven track record and self motivated attitude, proven commitment to deliver high quality care is essential. Recent UK experience a MUST. To apply for this General Practitioner job or to discuss the role further, please contact John on or email your CV to Alternatively, if you are available for locum work please let me know as soon as possible The following documents will be required: Current up to date CV GMC (registered with a licence to Practise and must be on the GP Register) MDS or MPS (Valid medical insurance certificate) CCT (Certificate of Completion of Training) CRB (Criminal Records Certificate) Member of a Medical Performers List BLS / ALS Certificate Copy of Passport Visa Required: Applicants must be eligible to work in the specified location" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00440.txt " Salaried GP Job London" " 69199873" " JustGP" " The practice is looking for a motivated and committed GP to join their busy daytime surgery based in London. This job is in a great location in London, and offers excellent transport links. ASAP Start Up to **** per annum. Full time hours Benefits include; Market leading salary Good annual leave plus paid study leave days Sick pay Pension scheme Staff parking Friendly and supportive team To be considered you must have a proven track record and self motivated attitude, proven commitment to deliver high quality care is essential. Recent UK experience a MUST. To apply for this General Practitioner job or to discuss the role further, please contact John on or email your CV to Alternatively, if you are available for locum work please let me know as soon as possible The following documents will be required: Current up to date CV GMC (registered with a licence to Practise and must be on the GP Register) MDS or MPS (Valid medical insurance certificate) CCT (Certificate of Completion of Training) CRB (Criminal Records Certificate) Member of a Medical Performers List BLS / ALS Certificate Copy of Passport Visa Required: Applicants must be eligible to work in the specified location" "['practice', 'motivated', 'committed', 'gp', 'busy', 'surgery', 'london', 'great', 'location', 'london', 'offers', 'transport', 'links', 'asap', 'start', 'annum', 'time', 'hours', 'benefits', 'include', 'market', 'annual', 'leave', 'paid', 'study', 'leave', 'days', 'sick', 'pay', 'pension', 'scheme', 'parking', 'friendly', 'supportive', 'considered', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'motivated', 'attitude', 'proven', 'commitment', 'deliver', 'quality', 'essential', 'recent', 'general', 'practitioner', 'discuss', 'contact', 'john', 'email', 'cv', 'alternatively', 'locum', 'documents', 'current', 'date', 'cv', 'gmc', 'registered', 'licence', 'practise', 'gp', 'register', 'valid', 'medical', 'insurance', 'certificate', 'cct', 'certificate', 'completion', 'crb', 'criminal', 'records', 'certificate', 'member', 'medical', 'performers', 'list', 'bls', 'certificate', 'copy', 'passport', 'visa', 'applicants', 'eligible', 'location']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Audio Visual Project Engineer
Webindex: 67770798
Description: Electrical Controls Engineer, Audio Visual Engineer required; Our client design, supply and install audio visual equipment, security equipment, HVAC controls, lighting controls and other highend home automation products . This role is akin to the duties of a project engineer, you ll be involved in both the initial design stages and final installation and project management. An excellent package will be on offer the successful electrical project engineer, with a basic salary up to ****k and company vehicle. My client requires an electrical engineer who is able to design and select equipment for their domestic customers and project manage the installation to completion. This will be an interesting and varied role, requiring the candidate to have a passion for technology and have a good electrical engineering background. The Role:  Project Manage installation of equipment and oversee the hand over  Work with the customers to understand their needs and requirements  Select and specify suitable equipment for the customer  Produce technical drawings and layouts  Training will be provided  Travel around the UK (Work mainly in the Midlands and South East) Package Basic salary ****k   ****k (Depending on experience) Company Vehicle 20 Days Holiday Requirements  Strong electrical design / projects background  Keen knowledge and interest in Technology, able to keep up with the latest developments  Good CAD ability, able to produce technical drawings  Full UK Driving Licence If your experience matches please forward your CV immediately White Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00182.txt " Audio Visual Project Engineer" " 67770798"  " Electrical Controls Engineer, Audio Visual Engineer required; Our client design, supply and install audio visual equipment, security equipment, HVAC controls, lighting controls and other highend home automation products . This role is akin to the duties of a project engineer, you ll be involved in both the initial design stages and final installation and project management. An excellent package will be on offer the successful electrical project engineer, with a basic salary up to ****k and company vehicle. My client requires an electrical engineer who is able to design and select equipment for their domestic customers and project manage the installation to completion. This will be an interesting and varied role, requiring the candidate to have a passion for technology and have a good electrical engineering background. The Role:  Project Manage installation of equipment and oversee the hand over  Work with the customers to understand their needs and requirements  Select and specify suitable equipment for the customer  Produce technical drawings and layouts  Training will be provided  Travel around the UK (Work mainly in the Midlands and South East) Package Basic salary ****k   ****k (Depending on experience) Company Vehicle 20 Days Holiday Requirements  Strong electrical design / projects background  Keen knowledge and interest in Technology, able to keep up with the latest developments  Good CAD ability, able to produce technical drawings  Full UK Driving Licence If your experience matches please forward your CV immediately White Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy" "['electrical', 'controls', 'audio', 'visual', 'supply', 'install', 'audio', 'visual', 'equipment', 'security', 'equipment', 'hvac', 'controls', 'lighting', 'controls', 'highend', 'automation', 'products', 'duties', 'project', 'll', 'involved', 'initial', 'stages', 'final', 'installation', 'project', 'package', 'offer', 'electrical', 'project', 'basic', 'vehicle', 'requires', 'electrical', 'select', 'equipment', 'domestic', 'customers', 'project', 'manage', 'installation', 'completion', 'interesting', 'varied', 'requiring', 'passion', 'technology', 'electrical', 'background', 'project', 'manage', 'installation', 'equipment', 'oversee', 'hand', 'customers', 'understand', 'requirements', 'select', 'suitable', 'equipment', 'produce', 'technical', 'drawings', 'layouts', 'provided', 'travel', 'midlands', 'south', 'east', 'package', 'basic', 'depending', 'vehicle', 'days', 'holiday', 'requirements', 'electrical', 'projects', 'background', 'keen', 'interest', 'technology', 'latest', 'developments', 'cad', 'produce', 'technical', 'drawings', 'driving', 'licence', 'matches', 'forward', 'cv', 'immediately', 'white', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'vacancy']" Engineering
"Title: Team Manager
Webindex: 62017143
Company: EMPLOYMENT SPECIALISTS LTD
Description: A major Insurance Group is currently seeking to recruit a Team Manager to join their growing team in Colchester. As Team Manager you will be supporting the achievement of the Business Unit s required income and profit objectives by managing the operational underwriting activity of all new business and midterm adjustments. Also for effectively managing the new business and renewal trading activity of external/internal allocated broker accounts. You will also look to take all opportunities to grow and enhance the business from the Broker panel. To be successful in this role candidates will have previous management experience gained from within Commercial Insurance. Also strong people management skills and the ability to motivate staff towards success." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00352.txt " Team Manager" " 62017143" " EMPLOYMENT SPECIALISTS LTD" " A major Insurance Group is currently seeking to recruit a Team Manager to join their growing team in Colchester. As Team Manager you will be supporting the achievement of the Business Unit s required income and profit objectives by managing the operational underwriting activity of all new business and midterm adjustments. Also for effectively managing the new business and renewal trading activity of external/internal allocated broker accounts. You will also look to take all opportunities to grow and enhance the business from the Broker panel. To be successful in this role candidates will have previous management experience gained from within Commercial Insurance. Also strong people management skills and the ability to motivate staff towards success." "['major', 'insurance', 'group', 'seeking', 'recruit', 'growing', 'colchester', 'supporting', 'achievement', 'unit', 'income', 'profit', 'objectives', 'managing', 'operational', 'underwriting', 'activity', 'midterm', 'adjustments', 'effectively', 'managing', 'renewal', 'trading', 'activity', 'external', 'internal', 'allocated', 'broker', 'accounts', 'opportunities', 'grow', 'enhance', 'broker', 'panel', 'candidates', 'previous', 'gained', 'commercial', 'insurance', 'people', 'motivate', 'success']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Commercial Strategy Analyst
Webindex: 70656711
Company: CMC Consulting
Description: My client a international business now has an outstanding opportunity for a Commercial Strategy Analyst. This role is extremely project focused with key responsibilities including: Identification, review and analysis of key strategic projects and drive real improvement in the strategic decision making process Work closely with all areas of the business to improve the strategic planning process Ensure the development of corporate strategy across the business and work with the business to prioritise key initiatives Recommend key potential initiatives and provide the necessary justifications. The successful candidate will ideally be a graduate and also have either an MBA or Accounting Qualification (ACA); you must be experienced in project evaluation, possibly from a modelling, consulting or corporate finance background. The ability to be able to influence from board level downwards will be essential as will outstanding communications skills. Competent systems user  including good Excel skills. You are likely to have Project management, Strong analytics and 'good business sense', conceptually creative, natural big picture reflex and excellent oral and written presentation skills are necessary. Where UK qualifications are specified we will take into account overseas equivalents. To apply for this position candidates must be eligible to work in country in which the role is based. We regret that due to the high volume of applications we receive if you have not heard from us within 10 days, then your application has not been successful on this occasion. However, please do continue to apply for jobs advertised by CMC Consulting. For all our current vacancies please visit our website http://www.cmcconsulting.co.uk We do our best to ensure that the wording used in our job vacancies does not discriminate against an individual in any way. Please contact us if you feel that this is not the case." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00313.txt " Commercial Strategy Analyst" " 70656711" " CMC Consulting" " My client a international business now has an outstanding opportunity for a Commercial Strategy Analyst. This role is extremely project focused with key responsibilities including: Identification, review and analysis of key strategic projects and drive real improvement in the strategic decision making process Work closely with all areas of the business to improve the strategic planning process Ensure the development of corporate strategy across the business and work with the business to prioritise key initiatives Recommend key potential initiatives and provide the necessary justifications. The successful candidate will ideally be a graduate and also have either an MBA or Accounting Qualification (ACA); you must be experienced in project evaluation, possibly from a modelling, consulting or corporate finance background. The ability to be able to influence from board level downwards will be essential as will outstanding communications skills. Competent systems user  including good Excel skills. You are likely to have Project management, Strong analytics and 'good business sense', conceptually creative, natural big picture reflex and excellent oral and written presentation skills are necessary. Where UK qualifications are specified we will take into account overseas equivalents. To apply for this position candidates must be eligible to work in country in which the role is based. We regret that due to the high volume of applications we receive if you have not heard from us within 10 days, then your application has not been successful on this occasion. However, please do continue to apply for jobs advertised by CMC Consulting. For all our current vacancies please visit our website http://www.cmcconsulting.co.uk We do our best to ensure that the wording used in our job vacancies does not discriminate against an individual in any way. Please contact us if you feel that this is not the case." "['international', 'outstanding', 'commercial', 'strategy', 'analyst', 'extremely', 'project', 'focused', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'identification', 'review', 'analysis', 'key', 'strategic', 'projects', 'drive', 'real', 'improvement', 'strategic', 'decision', 'making', 'process', 'closely', 'areas', 'improve', 'strategic', 'planning', 'process', 'corporate', 'strategy', 'prioritise', 'key', 'initiatives', 'recommend', 'key', 'potential', 'initiatives', 'justifications', 'ideally', 'graduate', 'mba', 'accounting', 'qualification', 'aca', 'experienced', 'project', 'evaluation', 'possibly', 'modelling', 'consulting', 'corporate', 'finance', 'background', 'influence', 'board', 'level', 'essential', 'outstanding', 'communications', 'competent', 'user', 'excel', 'project', 'analytics', 'sense', 'creative', 'natural', 'big', 'oral', 'written', 'presentation', 'qualifications', 'account', 'overseas', 'equivalents', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'country', 'regret', 'due', 'volume', 'applications', 'receive', 'heard', 'days', 'application', 'occasion', 'continue', 'jobs', 'advertised', 'cmc', 'consulting', 'current', 'vacancies', 'visit', 'website', 'http', 'www', 'wording', 'vacancies', 'discriminate', 'individual', 'contact', 'feel', 'case']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Fluid Power Sales Executive
Webindex: 69540434
Company: The Recruitment Solution
Description: Dear Candidate, Fluid Power Sales Executive Birmingham. Experience of selling fluid power products, hydraulic, pneumatics or similar industrial equipment to resellers is essential. Salary ****  ****k  car  mobile  laptop and all expenses provided Experienced Sales Executive required for fast growing national distributor of fluid power equipment. Working mainly with distributors and resellers throughout the Midlands. Experience in selling fluid power products, hydraulic, pneumatics or similar industrial equipment to resellers, would be a distinct advantage. Generous basic salary and very attractive commission/bonus structure, possible extra ****K OTE. Company car, phone, laptop, and expenses provided. The company are a leading distributor of compressed air, vacuum, pneumatics, and industrial equipment, working with a vast network of distributors and resellers throughout the UK. We are currently seeking to grow our sales team, by adding at least one Sales Executive working the Midlands area. This is an opportunity to join a dynamic team, determined to grow significantly over the coming years. Successful to date, and continue to grow and be profitable in difficult market conditions" 3 data/Sales\Job_00760.txt " Fluid Power Sales Executive" " 69540434" " The Recruitment Solution" " Dear Candidate, Fluid Power Sales Executive Birmingham. Experience of selling fluid power products, hydraulic, pneumatics or similar industrial equipment to resellers is essential. Salary ****  ****k  car  mobile  laptop and all expenses provided Experienced Sales Executive required for fast growing national distributor of fluid power equipment. Working mainly with distributors and resellers throughout the Midlands. Experience in selling fluid power products, hydraulic, pneumatics or similar industrial equipment to resellers, would be a distinct advantage. Generous basic salary and very attractive commission/bonus structure, possible extra ****K OTE. Company car, phone, laptop, and expenses provided. The company are a leading distributor of compressed air, vacuum, pneumatics, and industrial equipment, working with a vast network of distributors and resellers throughout the UK. We are currently seeking to grow our sales team, by adding at least one Sales Executive working the Midlands area. This is an opportunity to join a dynamic team, determined to grow significantly over the coming years. Successful to date, and continue to grow and be profitable in difficult market conditions" "['fluid', 'power', 'executive', 'birmingham', 'selling', 'fluid', 'power', 'products', 'hydraulic', 'pneumatics', 'similar', 'industrial', 'equipment', 'resellers', 'essential', 'car', 'mobile', 'laptop', 'expenses', 'provided', 'experienced', 'executive', 'fast', 'growing', 'national', 'distributor', 'fluid', 'power', 'equipment', 'distributors', 'resellers', 'midlands', 'selling', 'fluid', 'power', 'products', 'hydraulic', 'pneumatics', 'similar', 'industrial', 'equipment', 'resellers', 'distinct', 'advantage', 'generous', 'basic', 'attractive', 'commission', 'bonus', 'structure', 'extra', 'ote', 'car', 'phone', 'laptop', 'expenses', 'provided', 'distributor', 'compressed', 'air', 'vacuum', 'pneumatics', 'industrial', 'equipment', 'vast', 'network', 'distributors', 'resellers', 'seeking', 'grow', 'adding', 'executive', 'midlands', 'area', 'dynamic', 'determined', 'grow', 'significantly', 'coming', 'years', 'date', 'continue', 'grow', 'profitable', 'difficult', 'market', 'conditions']" Sales
"Title: MORTGAGE SERVICES CONSULTANT  UK LEADING ESTATE A
Webindex: 68994913
Company: Sequence
Description: ARE YOU LOOKING TO START A NEW AND REWARDING CAREER AS A MORTGAGE CONSULTANT? DO YOU WANT TO WORK FOR A NATIONAL LEADING ESTATE AGENCY GROUP? If you answered YES to any of the above then we really want to hear from you SEQUENCE are part of one of the UK s leading Estate Agency groups being part of the Connells Group with over **** High Street Branches and trade under several well known High Street brands We are looking to recruit a Mortgage Consultant to with our successful mortgage services team in Berkshire. The Mortgage Consultant role would suit someone with drive, determination, enthusiasm and a will to win. Someone that can not only sell but can also offer an unwavering high level of customer service. Whether you are Cemap qualified or not this is a unique opportunity to either further your career or to start an exciting new one with plenty of opportunity. As a Mortgage Consultant you will need to have previous sales experience preferably within financial services, have determination, enthusiasm, drive and selfmotivation. Within the role of Mortgage Advisor, customer service is provided at the highest level and you will need to demonstrate a confident yet approachable manner with good communication. You will also need to be a driver and car owner. In return we can offer a competitive salary package, outstanding training and the chance to work for a leading award winning company who can offer you a rewarding and progressive career potentially from new recruit Mortgage Consultant to a seat in the Boardroom. We are a consistent award winning organization for customer services, have been recognized by the industry as an employer and we value our employees as our most important asset. We very much look forward to hearing from YOU and all enquiries are always treated in the strictest of confidence" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00245.txt " MORTGAGE SERVICES CONSULTANT  UK LEADING ESTATE A" " 68994913" " Sequence" " ARE YOU LOOKING TO START A NEW AND REWARDING CAREER AS A MORTGAGE CONSULTANT? DO YOU WANT TO WORK FOR A NATIONAL LEADING ESTATE AGENCY GROUP? If you answered YES to any of the above then we really want to hear from you SEQUENCE are part of one of the UK s leading Estate Agency groups being part of the Connells Group with over **** High Street Branches and trade under several well known High Street brands We are looking to recruit a Mortgage Consultant to with our successful mortgage services team in Berkshire. The Mortgage Consultant role would suit someone with drive, determination, enthusiasm and a will to win. Someone that can not only sell but can also offer an unwavering high level of customer service. Whether you are Cemap qualified or not this is a unique opportunity to either further your career or to start an exciting new one with plenty of opportunity. As a Mortgage Consultant you will need to have previous sales experience preferably within financial services, have determination, enthusiasm, drive and selfmotivation. Within the role of Mortgage Advisor, customer service is provided at the highest level and you will need to demonstrate a confident yet approachable manner with good communication. You will also need to be a driver and car owner. In return we can offer a competitive salary package, outstanding training and the chance to work for a leading award winning company who can offer you a rewarding and progressive career potentially from new recruit Mortgage Consultant to a seat in the Boardroom. We are a consistent award winning organization for customer services, have been recognized by the industry as an employer and we value our employees as our most important asset. We very much look forward to hearing from YOU and all enquiries are always treated in the strictest of confidence" "['start', 'rewarding', 'career', 'mortgage', 'consultant', 'national', 'estate', 'agency', 'group', 'answered', 'hear', 'part', 'estate', 'agency', 'groups', 'part', 'group', 'street', 'branches', 'trade', 'street', 'brands', 'recruit', 'mortgage', 'consultant', 'mortgage', 'berkshire', 'mortgage', 'consultant', 'suit', 'drive', 'determination', 'enthusiasm', 'win', 'sell', 'offer', 'level', 'cemap', 'qualified', 'unique', 'career', 'start', 'exciting', 'plenty', 'mortgage', 'consultant', 'previous', 'preferably', 'determination', 'enthusiasm', 'drive', 'selfmotivation', 'mortgage', 'advisor', 'provided', 'highest', 'level', 'demonstrate', 'confident', 'approachable', 'manner', 'communication', 'driver', 'car', 'owner', 'return', 'offer', 'competitive', 'package', 'outstanding', 'chance', 'award', 'winning', 'offer', 'rewarding', 'progressive', 'career', 'potentially', 'recruit', 'mortgage', 'consultant', 'consistent', 'award', 'winning', 'organization', 'recognized', 'industry', 'employer', 'employees', 'important', 'asset', 'forward', 'hearing', 'enquiries', 'treated', 'strictest', 'confidence']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: RGN Leeds
Webindex: 69012306
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: Registered Nurse RGNs required for older peoples care homes. Working within organisations that are leading providers of nursing, residential and dementia care for older people with highquality homes throughout theUK. The responsibilities of the role are to: Manage the assessment, implementation and evaluation of individual care plans, ensuring delivery of a high standard of care Involve patients as much as possible with regards to decisions, so as to maximise their independence Administration of medication Supervise junior staff such as Healthcare Assistants Maintain a safe working environment at all times Maintain confidentiality, liaising with third parties such as GPs as necessary Skills required: Experience working with older people in a care home or assisted longterm care setting Experience of palliative care and working with patients with a palliative need Excellent clinical and care standards, including knowledge of CQC standards Able to demonstrate a willingness to continue your learning and development as a nursing professional Strong communication and teamworking skills Good organisational skills and the ability to prioritise Ability to make decisions and solve problems in a challenging environment Basic IT skills Successful applicants will have: RGN nursing qualification and current PIN Uptodate PREP Right to Work in the UK without any restrictions All applicants will be subject to an enhanced CRB and full reference check Salary is dependent on experience. Capita Social Care and Housing is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00492.txt " RGN Leeds" " 69012306" " Capita Resourcing" " Registered Nurse RGNs required for older peoples care homes. Working within organisations that are leading providers of nursing, residential and dementia care for older people with highquality homes throughout theUK. The responsibilities of the role are to: Manage the assessment, implementation and evaluation of individual care plans, ensuring delivery of a high standard of care Involve patients as much as possible with regards to decisions, so as to maximise their independence Administration of medication Supervise junior staff such as Healthcare Assistants Maintain a safe working environment at all times Maintain confidentiality, liaising with third parties such as GPs as necessary Skills required: Experience working with older people in a care home or assisted longterm care setting Experience of palliative care and working with patients with a palliative need Excellent clinical and care standards, including knowledge of CQC standards Able to demonstrate a willingness to continue your learning and development as a nursing professional Strong communication and teamworking skills Good organisational skills and the ability to prioritise Ability to make decisions and solve problems in a challenging environment Basic IT skills Successful applicants will have: RGN nursing qualification and current PIN Uptodate PREP Right to Work in the UK without any restrictions All applicants will be subject to an enhanced CRB and full reference check Salary is dependent on experience. Capita Social Care and Housing is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy" "['registered', 'nurse', 'rgns', 'older', 'peoples', 'homes', 'organisations', 'providers', 'nursing', 'residential', 'dementia', 'older', 'people', 'highquality', 'homes', 'theuk', 'responsibilities', 'manage', 'assessment', 'implementation', 'evaluation', 'individual', 'plans', 'ensuring', 'delivery', 'standard', 'involve', 'patients', 'decisions', 'maximise', 'independence', 'administration', 'medication', 'supervise', 'junior', 'healthcare', 'assistants', 'maintain', 'safe', 'environment', 'times', 'maintain', 'confidentiality', 'liaising', 'parties', 'gps', 'older', 'people', 'assisted', 'longterm', 'setting', 'palliative', 'patients', 'palliative', 'clinical', 'standards', 'cqc', 'standards', 'demonstrate', 'willingness', 'continue', 'learning', 'nursing', 'professional', 'communication', 'teamworking', 'organisational', 'prioritise', 'make', 'decisions', 'solve', 'problems', 'challenging', 'environment', 'basic', 'applicants', 'rgn', 'nursing', 'qualification', 'current', 'pin', 'uptodate', 'prep', 'restrictions', 'applicants', 'subject', 'enhanced', 'crb', 'reference', 'check', 'dependent', 'capita', 'social', 'housing', 'acting', 'employment', 'relation', 'vacancy']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Care Assistant jobs Waltham Abbey
Webindex: 66952266
Description: If you have the passion and desire to develop a career in Care then we can offer; free uniform, career development, local work, free induction training, regular refresher training, regular supervision and employee recognition. We have full time and part time hours available. The salary is competitive with higher pay rates available for weekend. As one of the UK’s largest provider of home and health care, we recognise that the success of our company is based on two very important principles – our business is about the people we serve, and the people who deliver that service. We are looking for enthusiastic, reliable home care workers to support independent living so that our customers can remain within the comfort of their own homes. The successful Care or Support Worker will have experience or understanding of care provision and also have their own transport The type of care a Care Assistant will provide will vary from person to person but may include: Personal care. Help with getting up and getting ready for the day. Washing, bathing and toileting. Practical support. Domestic tasks such as laundry, cleaning, shopping, preparing and cooking meals if outlined in the care plan. Specialised care. Supporting people with more complex needs Key skills required by a Care or Support Worker; Sound understanding of good care principles Excellent communication skills Good planning skills Ability to cope under pressure Eventempered and patient Ability to cope with change Ability to display empathy and warmth Can build relationships with those we support and those around them" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00456.txt " Care Assistant jobs Waltham Abbey" " 66952266"  " If you have the passion and desire to develop a career in Care then we can offer; free uniform, career development, local work, free induction training, regular refresher training, regular supervision and employee recognition. We have full time and part time hours available. The salary is competitive with higher pay rates available for weekend. As one of the UK’s largest provider of home and health care, we recognise that the success of our company is based on two very important principles – our business is about the people we serve, and the people who deliver that service. We are looking for enthusiastic, reliable home care workers to support independent living so that our customers can remain within the comfort of their own homes. The successful Care or Support Worker will have experience or understanding of care provision and also have their own transport The type of care a Care Assistant will provide will vary from person to person but may include: Personal care. Help with getting up and getting ready for the day. Washing, bathing and toileting. Practical support. Domestic tasks such as laundry, cleaning, shopping, preparing and cooking meals if outlined in the care plan. Specialised care. Supporting people with more complex needs Key skills required by a Care or Support Worker; Sound understanding of good care principles Excellent communication skills Good planning skills Ability to cope under pressure Eventempered and patient Ability to cope with change Ability to display empathy and warmth Can build relationships with those we support and those around them" "['passion', 'desire', 'develop', 'career', 'offer', 'free', 'uniform', 'career', 'local', 'free', 'induction', 'regular', 'regular', 'supervision', 'employee', 'recognition', 'time', 'part', 'time', 'hours', 'competitive', 'higher', 'pay', 'rates', 'weekend', 'largest', 'provider', 'health', 'recognise', 'success', 'important', 'principles', 'people', 'serve', 'people', 'deliver', 'enthusiastic', 'reliable', 'workers', 'independent', 'living', 'customers', 'remain', 'comfort', 'homes', 'worker', 'understanding', 'provision', 'transport', 'type', 'assistant', 'vary', 'person', 'person', 'include', 'personal', 'ready', 'day', 'washing', 'bathing', 'toileting', 'practical', 'domestic', 'tasks', 'laundry', 'cleaning', 'shopping', 'preparing', 'cooking', 'meals', 'outlined', 'plan', 'specialised', 'supporting', 'people', 'complex', 'key', 'worker', 'sound', 'understanding', 'principles', 'communication', 'planning', 'cope', 'pressure', 'patient', 'cope', 'change', 'display', 'empathy', 'warmth', 'build', 'relationships']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Senior Education Recruitment Consultant Birmingham
Webindex: 68780456
Company: Ruth Moran
Description: Senior Education Recruitment Consultant Birmingham basic salary to ****k plus commission OTE ****k Our client is an extremely well known global name, established over 20 years and a fortune **** company. With offices throughout the UK they provide staffing and workforce management solutions to some of the UK's leading organisations across a variety of sectors including Commercial, Technical, Legal, Financial Accountancy, Education, and Engineering to name a few. They were also one of the first recruitment consultancies to gain ISO 9002 accreditation. Clients range from small local businesses to blue chip multinationals. For further information please contact Ruth Moran weekdays 8am9pm, Saturdays all day or apply online. You can also visit the Ruth Moran Consulting website for our contact details. Please Call after 8am. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorEducationRecruitmentConsultantBirmingham_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00751.txt " Senior Education Recruitment Consultant Birmingham" " 68780456" " Ruth Moran" " Senior Education Recruitment Consultant Birmingham basic salary to ****k plus commission OTE ****k Our client is an extremely well known global name, established over 20 years and a fortune **** company. With offices throughout the UK they provide staffing and workforce management solutions to some of the UK's leading organisations across a variety of sectors including Commercial, Technical, Legal, Financial Accountancy, Education, and Engineering to name a few. They were also one of the first recruitment consultancies to gain ISO 9002 accreditation. Clients range from small local businesses to blue chip multinationals. For further information please contact Ruth Moran weekdays 8am9pm, Saturdays all day or apply online. You can also visit the Ruth Moran Consulting website for our contact details. Please Call after 8am. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorEducationRecruitmentConsultantBirmingham_job****" "['senior', 'education', 'consultant', 'birmingham', 'basic', 'commission', 'ote', 'extremely', 'global', 'established', 'years', 'fortune', 'offices', 'staffing', 'workforce', 'solutions', ""uk's"", 'organisations', 'variety', 'sectors', 'commercial', 'technical', 'legal', 'accountancy', 'education', 'consultancies', 'gain', 'iso', 'accreditation', 'range', 'small', 'local', 'businesses', 'blue', 'chip', 'information', 'contact', 'ruth', 'moran', 'weekdays', 'pm', 'saturdays', 'day', 'online', 'visit', 'ruth', 'moran', 'consulting', 'website', 'contact', 'details', 'call', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'salestarget', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Events Sales Advisor
Webindex: 66753565
Company: British Sky Broadcasting Ltd
Description: As an Events Sales Advisor and the face of Sky, your role will involve travelling around a designated area and chatting to members of the public about our cuttingedge technology and innovative design. Essentially, we would like you to demonstrate live Sky and make a sale. To sell our groundbreaking products, we ask that you have a thirst to succeed, are technically minded and have a real passion for people. It would also be great if you could bring proven sales experience but were more interested in your engagement with the customer. Sky will give you full training in preparation for the role and in return for interrupting a shoppers day and selling our fantastic products you will be rewarded with uncapped commission." 3 data/Sales\Job_00743.txt " Events Sales Advisor" " 66753565" " British Sky Broadcasting Ltd" " As an Events Sales Advisor and the face of Sky, your role will involve travelling around a designated area and chatting to members of the public about our cuttingedge technology and innovative design. Essentially, we would like you to demonstrate live Sky and make a sale. To sell our groundbreaking products, we ask that you have a thirst to succeed, are technically minded and have a real passion for people. It would also be great if you could bring proven sales experience but were more interested in your engagement with the customer. Sky will give you full training in preparation for the role and in return for interrupting a shoppers day and selling our fantastic products you will be rewarded with uncapped commission." "['events', 'advisor', 'face', 'sky', 'involve', 'travelling', 'designated', 'area', 'members', 'public', 'cuttingedge', 'technology', 'innovative', 'essentially', 'demonstrate', 'live', 'sky', 'make', 'sale', 'sell', 'products', 'succeed', 'technically', 'minded', 'real', 'passion', 'people', 'great', 'bring', 'proven', 'interested', 'engagement', 'sky', 'give', 'preparation', 'return', 'day', 'selling', 'fantastic', 'products', 'rewarded', 'uncapped', 'commission']" Sales
"Title: Risk Analyst  Insurance
Webindex: 69030000
Description: Based within the Risk Division, you will work closely with the Head of Risk and the Risk team in the development and execution of both the risk programme and initiatives for the UK. You will be familiar with operational and corporate risk management, risk registers, risk profile & control and business continuity plans. In addition to a technical understanding of risk management you will need to demonstrate a keen eye for detail, coupled with first class communication and negotiation skills. We are particularly keen to consider applications from Glasgow Caledonian University or Cass Business School. In return our client can offer defined career development, a creative and dynamic work environment and an attractive comprehensive benefits package. For further details of this career defining opportunity and a full job description please contact Steven Joy at Hillman Saunders on  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00392.txt " Risk Analyst  Insurance" " 69030000"  " Based within the Risk Division, you will work closely with the Head of Risk and the Risk team in the development and execution of both the risk programme and initiatives for the UK. You will be familiar with operational and corporate risk management, risk registers, risk profile & control and business continuity plans. In addition to a technical understanding of risk management you will need to demonstrate a keen eye for detail, coupled with first class communication and negotiation skills. We are particularly keen to consider applications from Glasgow Caledonian University or Cass Business School. In return our client can offer defined career development, a creative and dynamic work environment and an attractive comprehensive benefits package. For further details of this career defining opportunity and a full job description please contact Steven Joy at Hillman Saunders on  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business" "['risk', 'division', 'closely', 'head', 'risk', 'risk', 'execution', 'risk', 'programme', 'initiatives', 'familiar', 'operational', 'corporate', 'risk', 'risk', 'registers', 'risk', 'profile', 'control', 'continuity', 'plans', 'addition', 'technical', 'understanding', 'risk', 'demonstrate', 'keen', 'eye', 'detail', 'coupled', 'class', 'communication', 'negotiation', 'keen', 'applications', 'glasgow', 'university', 'school', 'return', 'offer', 'defined', 'career', 'creative', 'dynamic', 'environment', 'attractive', 'comprehensive', 'benefits', 'package', 'details', 'career', 'defining', 'description', 'contact', 'steven', 'hillman', 'saunders', 'fusion', 'people', 'committed', 'promoting', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'people', 'age', 'gender', 'religion', 'belief', 'race', 'sexuality', 'disability', 'operate', 'employment', 'agency', 'employment']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Sales Executive, Meetings & Events  Aberdeen  ****k OTE
Webindex: 72448496
Company: H2 Recruit
Description: Do you have experience selling meetings and events solutions to Pharmaceutical companies or other sectors? Looking for a more commercial position that still utilises your education and expertise? APPLY NOW for more information about this exciting step towards a sales career within the event sales arena. Job Title  Event Sales Executive, Conferences, Meetings Industry  Pharmaceutical  other sectors Location  Aberdeen Salary  Uncapped **** OTE  car  benefits The Role Reporting directly to the Sales Director, you will be responsible for providing solutions to a wide range of industries including the Oil and Gas market, based in and around Scotland and the north of England. You will find yourself out on the road very often visiting new and existing clients and being a crucial part of the sales process. The Company Our client has a rich history supplying both Computer Aided Design (CAD) and Computer Aided Manufacturing (CAM) solutions to the industrial marketplace. With a customer base of over **** UK clients, the company continues to build, and are used within a variety of industries and engineering markets, all of which face a unique set of challenges in today's increasingly competitive marketplace. The Candidate The ideal candidate must have a Mechanical Engineering qualification. You will ideally be based in Scotland within reasonable proximity of Aberdeen. Experience using CAD and CAM solutions is also beneficial, along with a demonstrative track record in new business sales. The Package Although the salary package will be negotiable dependant on previous experience, and initial indication is a base salary between ******** with **** OTE, plus benefits. If you would like the opportunity to discuss this position further, apply online today. For more information on this and up to **** other live vacancies please visit our website or call to speak to one of our highly trained consultants. h**** Recruit specialise in all sales positions including Internal Sales Executives, Business Development Executives, Business Development Manager, Sales Manager, Sales Director, Telesales and Account Management roles. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesExecutiveMeetingsEventsAberdeen****kOTE_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00756.txt " Sales Executive, Meetings & Events  Aberdeen  ****k OTE" " 72448496" " H2 Recruit" " Do you have experience selling meetings and events solutions to Pharmaceutical companies or other sectors? Looking for a more commercial position that still utilises your education and expertise? APPLY NOW for more information about this exciting step towards a sales career within the event sales arena. Job Title  Event Sales Executive, Conferences, Meetings Industry  Pharmaceutical  other sectors Location  Aberdeen Salary  Uncapped **** OTE  car  benefits The Role Reporting directly to the Sales Director, you will be responsible for providing solutions to a wide range of industries including the Oil and Gas market, based in and around Scotland and the north of England. You will find yourself out on the road very often visiting new and existing clients and being a crucial part of the sales process. The Company Our client has a rich history supplying both Computer Aided Design (CAD) and Computer Aided Manufacturing (CAM) solutions to the industrial marketplace. With a customer base of over **** UK clients, the company continues to build, and are used within a variety of industries and engineering markets, all of which face a unique set of challenges in today's increasingly competitive marketplace. The Candidate The ideal candidate must have a Mechanical Engineering qualification. You will ideally be based in Scotland within reasonable proximity of Aberdeen. Experience using CAD and CAM solutions is also beneficial, along with a demonstrative track record in new business sales. The Package Although the salary package will be negotiable dependant on previous experience, and initial indication is a base salary between ******** with **** OTE, plus benefits. If you would like the opportunity to discuss this position further, apply online today. For more information on this and up to **** other live vacancies please visit our website or call to speak to one of our highly trained consultants. h**** Recruit specialise in all sales positions including Internal Sales Executives, Business Development Executives, Business Development Manager, Sales Manager, Sales Director, Telesales and Account Management roles. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesExecutiveMeetingsEventsAberdeen****kOTE_job****" "['selling', 'meetings', 'events', 'solutions', 'pharmaceutical', 'companies', 'sectors', 'commercial', 'education', 'expertise', 'information', 'exciting', 'step', 'career', 'event', 'arena', 'title', 'event', 'executive', 'conferences', 'meetings', 'industry', 'pharmaceutical', 'sectors', 'location', 'aberdeen', 'uncapped', 'ote', 'car', 'benefits', 'reporting', 'directly', 'director', 'responsible', 'providing', 'solutions', 'wide', 'range', 'industries', 'oil', 'gas', 'market', 'scotland', 'north', 'england', 'find', 'road', 'visiting', 'existing', 'crucial', 'part', 'process', 'rich', 'history', 'supplying', 'computer', 'aided', 'cad', 'computer', 'aided', 'manufacturing', 'cam', 'solutions', 'industrial', 'marketplace', 'base', 'continues', 'build', 'variety', 'industries', 'markets', 'face', 'unique', 'set', 'challenges', 'increasingly', 'competitive', 'marketplace', 'ideal', 'mechanical', 'qualification', 'ideally', 'scotland', 'reasonable', 'aberdeen', 'cad', 'cam', 'solutions', 'beneficial', 'demonstrative', 'track', 'record', 'package', 'package', 'negotiable', 'dependant', 'previous', 'initial', 'base', 'ote', 'benefits', 'discuss', 'online', 'today', 'information', 'live', 'vacancies', 'visit', 'website', 'call', 'speak', 'highly', 'trained', 'consultants', 'recruit', 'specialise', 'positions', 'internal', 'executives', 'executives', 'director', 'telesales', 'account', 'roles', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking', 'kote']" Sales
"Title: Senior C++ Developer
Webindex: 72395002
Company: Oho Group
Description: Senior C/C++ Software Engineer PayTV My client, a world leader in the manufacture of Set Top Boxes and PayTV Software solutions, are seeking experienced Software Senior C/C++ Software Engineer PayTV My client, a world leader in the manufacture of Set Top Boxes and PayTV Software solutions, are seeking experienced Software Engineers to join a rapidly growing team. Adding to their worldwide reputation for innovation and technical excellence they are looking for passionate C/C++ Developers with a strong understanding of electronics and embedded environments. You must also have an in depth knowledge of embedded Linux, multithreaded applications and Real Time Operating Systems. The ideal candidate will have the following skills:  Highly experienced in C++ Development  Strong knowledge of Embedded C  Experience of RTOS, in particular multi process, multithreaded applications on embedded Linux  Experience with DVB, IPTV, frameworks  A good knowledge of Set Top Box technologies are highly desirable (DVS, MPEG, PVR/DVR, HDTV, DVB) This is a great opportunity to join an exciting, dynamic and forward thinking technology company so if this sounds like you then please send your CV to apply.a****uskvmnloho.aptrack.co for immediate review. Keywords: STB, C/C++, embedded C, embedded, C, RTOS, Linux, DVB, IPTV, embedded linux, multithreaded, DVS, MPEG, PVR/DVR, HDTV, DVB" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00048.txt " Senior C++ Developer" " 72395002" " Oho Group" " Senior C/C++ Software Engineer PayTV My client, a world leader in the manufacture of Set Top Boxes and PayTV Software solutions, are seeking experienced Software Senior C/C++ Software Engineer PayTV My client, a world leader in the manufacture of Set Top Boxes and PayTV Software solutions, are seeking experienced Software Engineers to join a rapidly growing team. Adding to their worldwide reputation for innovation and technical excellence they are looking for passionate C/C++ Developers with a strong understanding of electronics and embedded environments. You must also have an in depth knowledge of embedded Linux, multithreaded applications and Real Time Operating Systems. The ideal candidate will have the following skills:  Highly experienced in C++ Development  Strong knowledge of Embedded C  Experience of RTOS, in particular multi process, multithreaded applications on embedded Linux  Experience with DVB, IPTV, frameworks  A good knowledge of Set Top Box technologies are highly desirable (DVS, MPEG, PVR/DVR, HDTV, DVB) This is a great opportunity to join an exciting, dynamic and forward thinking technology company so if this sounds like you then please send your CV to apply.a****uskvmnloho.aptrack.co for immediate review. Keywords: STB, C/C++, embedded C, embedded, C, RTOS, Linux, DVB, IPTV, embedded linux, multithreaded, DVS, MPEG, PVR/DVR, HDTV, DVB" "['senior', 'software', 'paytv', 'world', 'leader', 'manufacture', 'set', 'top', 'boxes', 'paytv', 'software', 'solutions', 'seeking', 'experienced', 'software', 'senior', 'software', 'paytv', 'world', 'leader', 'manufacture', 'set', 'top', 'boxes', 'paytv', 'software', 'solutions', 'seeking', 'experienced', 'software', 'engineers', 'rapidly', 'growing', 'adding', 'worldwide', 'reputation', 'innovation', 'technical', 'excellence', 'passionate', 'developers', 'understanding', 'electronics', 'embedded', 'environments', 'depth', 'embedded', 'linux', 'multithreaded', 'applications', 'real', 'time', 'operating', 'ideal', 'highly', 'experienced', 'embedded', 'rtos', 'multi', 'process', 'multithreaded', 'applications', 'embedded', 'linux', 'dvb', 'iptv', 'set', 'top', 'box', 'technologies', 'highly', 'desirable', 'dvs', 'mpeg', 'pvr', 'dvr', 'hdtv', 'dvb', 'great', 'exciting', 'dynamic', 'forward', 'thinking', 'technology', 'sounds', 'send', 'cv', 'aptrack', 'review', 'keywords', 'embedded', 'embedded', 'rtos', 'linux', 'dvb', 'iptv', 'embedded', 'linux', 'multithreaded', 'dvs', 'mpeg', 'pvr', 'dvr', 'hdtv', 'dvb']" Engineering
"Title: SENIOR MANUFACTURING ENGINEER
Webindex: 70250035
Company: Edwards & Pearce
Description: SENIOR MANUFACTURING ENGINEER LOCATION: HULL SALARY AND BENEFITS: **** TO **** COMPANY INFORMATION:  A leading local manufacturing company. YOU MUST HAVE THE FOLLOWING:  A degree in an Engineering or Manufacturing discipline.  Good knowledge of process improvements.  Proven ability to plan and organise yourself and others.  Strong CAD skills  ****D preferred.  Strong understanding of lean techniques. IDEALLY YOU HAVE THE FOLLOWING:  Knowledge and desire to drive change.  Previous experience in implementing new processes/products.  Knowledge of Work studies  Familiar with PLC systems ROLE INFORMATION: As Senior Manufacturing engineer, you will be accountable for assisting in the development of production processes in the business. This will cover:  Cost down engineering in the facility  You will assist in the implementation of new products and systems and various tooling requirements associated with this  You will oversee the Machining and tool room as part of this position  Be proactive and have good understanding of both lean and quality concerns for the business. If you would like to apply for this role please forward your CV preferably in Microsoft Word format to hulledwardsandpearce.co.uk THE RECRUITMENT CONSULTANCY  Edwards Pearce are a professional recruitment consultancy  Established in 1998  Employ approx **** staff  2 offices in Doncaster Hull  Edwards Pearce operates according to a strict ethical code and aims to offer both candidates and clients the highest levels of professionalism and customer service.  Edwards Pearce have a strong client base incorporating large groups and SME's across all manufacturing and service sectors, and are on the preferred supplier lists of a number of blue chip organisations. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SENIORMANUFACTURINGENGINEER_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00189.txt " SENIOR MANUFACTURING ENGINEER" " 70250035" " Edwards & Pearce" " SENIOR MANUFACTURING ENGINEER LOCATION: HULL SALARY AND BENEFITS: **** TO **** COMPANY INFORMATION:  A leading local manufacturing company. YOU MUST HAVE THE FOLLOWING:  A degree in an Engineering or Manufacturing discipline.  Good knowledge of process improvements.  Proven ability to plan and organise yourself and others.  Strong CAD skills  ****D preferred.  Strong understanding of lean techniques. IDEALLY YOU HAVE THE FOLLOWING:  Knowledge and desire to drive change.  Previous experience in implementing new processes/products.  Knowledge of Work studies  Familiar with PLC systems ROLE INFORMATION: As Senior Manufacturing engineer, you will be accountable for assisting in the development of production processes in the business. This will cover:  Cost down engineering in the facility  You will assist in the implementation of new products and systems and various tooling requirements associated with this  You will oversee the Machining and tool room as part of this position  Be proactive and have good understanding of both lean and quality concerns for the business. If you would like to apply for this role please forward your CV preferably in Microsoft Word format to hulledwardsandpearce.co.uk THE RECRUITMENT CONSULTANCY  Edwards Pearce are a professional recruitment consultancy  Established in 1998  Employ approx **** staff  2 offices in Doncaster Hull  Edwards Pearce operates according to a strict ethical code and aims to offer both candidates and clients the highest levels of professionalism and customer service.  Edwards Pearce have a strong client base incorporating large groups and SME's across all manufacturing and service sectors, and are on the preferred supplier lists of a number of blue chip organisations. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SENIORMANUFACTURINGENGINEER_job****" "['senior', 'manufacturing', 'location', 'hull', 'benefits', 'information', 'local', 'manufacturing', 'degree', 'manufacturing', 'discipline', 'process', 'improvements', 'proven', 'plan', 'organise', 'cad', 'preferred', 'understanding', 'lean', 'techniques', 'ideally', 'desire', 'drive', 'change', 'previous', 'implementing', 'processes', 'products', 'studies', 'familiar', 'plc', 'information', 'senior', 'manufacturing', 'accountable', 'assisting', 'production', 'processes', 'cover', 'cost', 'facility', 'assist', 'implementation', 'products', 'tooling', 'requirements', 'oversee', 'machining', 'tool', 'room', 'part', 'proactive', 'understanding', 'lean', 'quality', 'concerns', 'forward', 'cv', 'preferably', 'microsoft', 'word', 'format', 'hulledwardsandpearce', 'consultancy', 'edwards', 'pearce', 'professional', 'consultancy', 'established', 'employ', 'approx', 'offices', 'doncaster', 'hull', 'edwards', 'pearce', 'operates', 'strict', 'ethical', 'code', 'aims', 'offer', 'candidates', 'highest', 'levels', 'professionalism', 'edwards', 'pearce', 'base', 'incorporating', 'large', 'groups', ""sme's"", 'manufacturing', 'sectors', 'preferred', 'supplier', 'lists', 'number', 'blue', 'chip', 'organisations', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Clinical Operations Manager
Webindex: 50882000
Description: Job Ref  VAC**** Job Role  Clinical Operations Manager Location  South London Salary  Up to ****k per annum 10% London Weighting Company My client is seeking a dedicated and experienced Clinical Operations Manager to manage the team members at the Centre based in South London (Brixton). Daytoday you will be overseeing all clinical areas and supervision of the nursing team, coordination of doctors/surgeons/anaesthetists, being the main point of call for clinical matters and by being a part of the supervisory team. The role will be hands on and you will be expecting to lead by example in all clinical operations and provide leadership through coaching and development. The Clinical Operations Manager will lead on the positive changes within the centre from basic requirements through to strategic planning for the years ahead. It is an exciting role enabling the successful candidate to have direct impact on operations. Experience A background within sexual health or gynaecology would be a distinct advantage but not essential. However, experience of working within a high volume environment e.g. outpatients/day surgery is essential. Experience of leading and managing a team to achieve objectives, targets and excellent levels of client satisfaction is required. If you would like to apply for this post please call Emma on **** **** or send me your CV to echadwickeclypserecruitment.co.uk" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00520.txt " Clinical Operations Manager" " 50882000"  " Job Ref  VAC**** Job Role  Clinical Operations Manager Location  South London Salary  Up to ****k per annum 10% London Weighting Company My client is seeking a dedicated and experienced Clinical Operations Manager to manage the team members at the Centre based in South London (Brixton). Daytoday you will be overseeing all clinical areas and supervision of the nursing team, coordination of doctors/surgeons/anaesthetists, being the main point of call for clinical matters and by being a part of the supervisory team. The role will be hands on and you will be expecting to lead by example in all clinical operations and provide leadership through coaching and development. The Clinical Operations Manager will lead on the positive changes within the centre from basic requirements through to strategic planning for the years ahead. It is an exciting role enabling the successful candidate to have direct impact on operations. Experience A background within sexual health or gynaecology would be a distinct advantage but not essential. However, experience of working within a high volume environment e.g. outpatients/day surgery is essential. Experience of leading and managing a team to achieve objectives, targets and excellent levels of client satisfaction is required. If you would like to apply for this post please call Emma on **** **** or send me your CV to echadwickeclypserecruitment.co.uk" "['ref', 'vac', 'clinical', 'operations', 'location', 'south', 'london', 'annum', 'london', 'weighting', 'seeking', 'dedicated', 'experienced', 'clinical', 'operations', 'manage', 'members', 'centre', 'south', 'london', 'brixton', 'daytoday', 'overseeing', 'clinical', 'areas', 'supervision', 'nursing', 'coordination', 'doctors', 'surgeons', 'main', 'point', 'call', 'clinical', 'matters', 'part', 'supervisory', 'hands', 'expecting', 'lead', 'clinical', 'operations', 'leadership', 'coaching', 'clinical', 'operations', 'lead', 'positive', 'centre', 'basic', 'requirements', 'strategic', 'planning', 'years', 'ahead', 'exciting', 'enabling', 'direct', 'impact', 'operations', 'background', 'sexual', 'health', 'gynaecology', 'distinct', 'advantage', 'essential', 'volume', 'environment', 'outpatients', 'day', 'surgery', 'essential', 'managing', 'achieve', 'objectives', 'targets', 'levels', 'satisfaction', 'post', 'call', 'emma', 'send', 'cv', 'echadwickeclypserecruitment']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Optometrist  Maldon, Essex
Webindex: 72226795
Company: Your World Healthcare
Description: Optometrist Maldon, Essex Due to increased demand from our clients, Your World Healthcare are currently are looking for committed and driven Optometrists who can add value to the business and play an integral part in shaping the optical team. You ll not only be carrying out eye examinations and contact lens appointments but also engaging with and assisting patients on the shop floor, ensuring that good customer service and quality are maintained. As an optometrist it is of paramount importance is that you have good product knowledge, excellent customer service skills, understand how to market given products appropriately and work well as part of a successful team. Salaries start at approximately **** depending on experience and a very generous benefits package is on offer aswel. GOC registration is essential. To discuss this role in more detail, then please call Daniel Rose on **** **** or email your C.V to Daniel.roseywhealthcare.com Your World is a specialist Healthcare recruitment agency registered with The Government Procurement Service for the recruitment of both AHP HSS and Nonmedical Nonclinical staff. With existing contracts, throughout the UK, within both the public and private sectors we are able to provide the best range of jobs possible. Don t forget you could earn **** by just referring a friend or colleague who completes the registration process and commences work with Your World in a temporary or permanent position. Conditions apply." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00546.txt " Optometrist  Maldon, Essex" " 72226795" " Your World Healthcare" " Optometrist Maldon, Essex Due to increased demand from our clients, Your World Healthcare are currently are looking for committed and driven Optometrists who can add value to the business and play an integral part in shaping the optical team. You ll not only be carrying out eye examinations and contact lens appointments but also engaging with and assisting patients on the shop floor, ensuring that good customer service and quality are maintained. As an optometrist it is of paramount importance is that you have good product knowledge, excellent customer service skills, understand how to market given products appropriately and work well as part of a successful team. Salaries start at approximately **** depending on experience and a very generous benefits package is on offer aswel. GOC registration is essential. To discuss this role in more detail, then please call Daniel Rose on **** **** or email your C.V to Daniel.roseywhealthcare.com Your World is a specialist Healthcare recruitment agency registered with The Government Procurement Service for the recruitment of both AHP HSS and Nonmedical Nonclinical staff. With existing contracts, throughout the UK, within both the public and private sectors we are able to provide the best range of jobs possible. Don t forget you could earn **** by just referring a friend or colleague who completes the registration process and commences work with Your World in a temporary or permanent position. Conditions apply." "['optometrist', 'essex', 'due', 'increased', 'demand', 'world', 'healthcare', 'committed', 'driven', 'optometrists', 'add', 'play', 'integral', 'part', 'shaping', 'optical', 'll', 'carrying', 'eye', 'examinations', 'contact', 'lens', 'appointments', 'engaging', 'assisting', 'patients', 'shop', 'floor', 'ensuring', 'quality', 'maintained', 'optometrist', 'paramount', 'importance', 'product', 'understand', 'market', 'products', 'appropriately', 'part', 'salaries', 'start', 'approximately', 'depending', 'generous', 'benefits', 'package', 'offer', 'goc', 'registration', 'essential', 'discuss', 'detail', 'call', 'daniel', 'email', 'daniel', 'world', 'specialist', 'healthcare', 'agency', 'registered', 'government', 'procurement', 'existing', 'contracts', 'public', 'private', 'sectors', 'range', 'jobs', 'don', 'earn', 'referring', 'friend', 'colleague', 'registration', 'process', 'world', 'temporary', 'permanent', 'conditions']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Deputy Manager, Nursing Home, Southall
Webindex: 59968160
Description: Deputy Manager, Elderly Nursing Home, Southall White Recruitment is currently looking for a mature and responsible Registered Nurse (RGN) with a naturally caring nature to take the role of Deputy Manager for a large sized nursing home in Southall. As well as good care quality reports, the home boasts a comforting and caring atmosphere for the elderly and mentally infirm patients that it accommodates. My client is one of the leading companies in this provision of patient orientated care and they are looking for outstanding clinicians to join their ever expanding organisation Your role will include: **** hours/week   days (5 days) Supervision and management of all staff in the home Assisting the Home Manager in business and administrative duties Managing the premises in the absence of the Home Manager Maintaining high levels of clinical competence throughout the home Coaching and mentoring all clinical staff Conducting and participating in staff meetings Respond to incidents in a professional and appropriate manor Assess clients   care needs, and provide direct nursing care when required Maintain accurate, individualised care plans for each client Establish and maintain good communication with clients, relatives and colleagues The Candidate: Must be a qualified Registered General Nurse Must have at least 2 years experience working with elderly clients Must have at least 1 years experience as a Deputy Manager Must have a mature and responsible nature Ability to communicate effectively Ability to handle and diffuse difficult situations Must have an active NMC Pin Number Must be able to complete an enhanced CRB check Salary: ****   ****k dependent on experience If you think you are suitable please send your details to robwhiterecruitment.com or call me on **** **** **** If your experience matches please forward your CV immediately White Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00441.txt " Deputy Manager, Nursing Home, Southall" " 59968160"  " Deputy Manager, Elderly Nursing Home, Southall White Recruitment is currently looking for a mature and responsible Registered Nurse (RGN) with a naturally caring nature to take the role of Deputy Manager for a large sized nursing home in Southall. As well as good care quality reports, the home boasts a comforting and caring atmosphere for the elderly and mentally infirm patients that it accommodates. My client is one of the leading companies in this provision of patient orientated care and they are looking for outstanding clinicians to join their ever expanding organisation Your role will include: **** hours/week   days (5 days) Supervision and management of all staff in the home Assisting the Home Manager in business and administrative duties Managing the premises in the absence of the Home Manager Maintaining high levels of clinical competence throughout the home Coaching and mentoring all clinical staff Conducting and participating in staff meetings Respond to incidents in a professional and appropriate manor Assess clients   care needs, and provide direct nursing care when required Maintain accurate, individualised care plans for each client Establish and maintain good communication with clients, relatives and colleagues The Candidate: Must be a qualified Registered General Nurse Must have at least 2 years experience working with elderly clients Must have at least 1 years experience as a Deputy Manager Must have a mature and responsible nature Ability to communicate effectively Ability to handle and diffuse difficult situations Must have an active NMC Pin Number Must be able to complete an enhanced CRB check Salary: ****   ****k dependent on experience If you think you are suitable please send your details to robwhiterecruitment.com or call me on **** **** **** If your experience matches please forward your CV immediately White Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy" "['deputy', 'elderly', 'nursing', 'southall', 'white', 'mature', 'responsible', 'registered', 'nurse', 'rgn', 'naturally', 'caring', 'nature', 'deputy', 'large', 'sized', 'nursing', 'southall', 'quality', 'reports', 'boasts', 'comforting', 'caring', 'atmosphere', 'elderly', 'mentally', 'infirm', 'patients', 'accommodates', 'companies', 'provision', 'patient', 'orientated', 'outstanding', 'clinicians', 'expanding', 'organisation', 'include', 'hours', 'week', 'days', 'days', 'supervision', 'assisting', 'administrative', 'duties', 'managing', 'premises', 'absence', 'maintaining', 'levels', 'clinical', 'competence', 'coaching', 'mentoring', 'clinical', 'conducting', 'participating', 'meetings', 'respond', 'incidents', 'professional', 'manor', 'assess', 'direct', 'nursing', 'maintain', 'accurate', 'individualised', 'plans', 'establish', 'maintain', 'communication', 'relatives', 'colleagues', 'qualified', 'registered', 'general', 'nurse', 'years', 'elderly', 'years', 'deputy', 'mature', 'responsible', 'nature', 'communicate', 'effectively', 'handle', 'difficult', 'situations', 'active', 'nmc', 'pin', 'number', 'complete', 'enhanced', 'crb', 'check', 'dependent', 'suitable', 'send', 'details', 'call', 'matches', 'forward', 'cv', 'immediately', 'white', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'vacancy']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Sales Negotiator
Webindex: 69000974
Company: Linked Recruitment
Description: Linked Recruitment are recruiting experienced sales individuals for our client based in Poole, Dorset who has over 50 years experience supplying businesses and consumers with competitive finance options. An exciting opportunity has arisen to join their company as a Sales Negotiator in their busy office. You must have a proven track record in sales (ideally telephone based) and the ability to negotiate fees and close deals through your customer service and sales skills. Excellent career progression for successful Sales Advisors leading to management positions. **** plus uncapped commission (OTE ****k  ****k) Equal opportunities agency" 3 data/Sales\Job_00754.txt " Sales Negotiator" " 69000974" " Linked Recruitment" " Linked Recruitment are recruiting experienced sales individuals for our client based in Poole, Dorset who has over 50 years experience supplying businesses and consumers with competitive finance options. An exciting opportunity has arisen to join their company as a Sales Negotiator in their busy office. You must have a proven track record in sales (ideally telephone based) and the ability to negotiate fees and close deals through your customer service and sales skills. Excellent career progression for successful Sales Advisors leading to management positions. **** plus uncapped commission (OTE ****k  ****k) Equal opportunities agency" "['linked', 'recruiting', 'experienced', 'individuals', 'poole', 'dorset', 'years', 'supplying', 'businesses', 'consumers', 'competitive', 'finance', 'options', 'exciting', 'arisen', 'negotiator', 'busy', 'office', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'ideally', 'telephone', 'negotiate', 'fees', 'close', 'deals', 'career', 'progression', 'advisors', 'positions', 'uncapped', 'commission', 'ote', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'agency']" Sales
"Title: RNLD / Registered Learning Disabilities Nurse (NIGHT DUTY)
Webindex: 71812575
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Based in Billinghay, NR Sleaford RNLD/RMN  This post is for Night Duty onlyMy Client is a national provider of learning disabilities services and are seeking an experienced Registered Nurse for their service in Billinghay nr Sleaford in Lincolnshire.Ideally you will be RNLD qualified or RMN with strong experience of working with learning disabilities and autistic clients.You will focus upon person centered care and join a specialist nursing team.The post is for NIGHT DUTY, for **** nights per week 8pm  8am Hourly Rate ****ph  ****ph dependent on experience" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00579.txt " RNLD / Registered Learning Disabilities Nurse (NIGHT DUTY)" " 71812575" " UKStaffsearch" " Based in Billinghay, NR Sleaford RNLD/RMN  This post is for Night Duty onlyMy Client is a national provider of learning disabilities services and are seeking an experienced Registered Nurse for their service in Billinghay nr Sleaford in Lincolnshire.Ideally you will be RNLD qualified or RMN with strong experience of working with learning disabilities and autistic clients.You will focus upon person centered care and join a specialist nursing team.The post is for NIGHT DUTY, for **** nights per week 8pm  8am Hourly Rate ****ph  ****ph dependent on experience" "['billinghay', 'nr', 'sleaford', 'rnld', 'rmn', 'post', 'night', 'duty', 'national', 'provider', 'learning', 'disabilities', 'seeking', 'experienced', 'registered', 'nurse', 'billinghay', 'nr', 'sleaford', 'lincolnshire', 'ideally', 'rnld', 'qualified', 'rmn', 'learning', 'disabilities', 'focus', 'person', 'specialist', 'nursing', 'post', 'night', 'duty', 'nights', 'week', 'pm', 'hourly', 'rate', 'ph', 'ph', 'dependent']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Welder/Fabricator
Webindex: 70807997
Company: Commercial services  Ltd
Description: To carry out fabrication work based in Dyce, experience required in Container manufacture and works in Mild Steel frames etc, ability to read drawings and mig welding. Experience essential. hours of work Mon to Fri **** to ****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00005.txt " Welder/Fabricator" " 70807997" " Commercial services  Ltd" " To carry out fabrication work based in Dyce, experience required in Container manufacture and works in Mild Steel frames etc, ability to read drawings and mig welding. Experience essential. hours of work Mon to Fri **** to ****" "['carry', 'fabrication', 'dyce', 'manufacture', 'works', 'mild', 'steel', 'frames', 'read', 'drawings', 'mig', 'welding', 'essential', 'hours', 'mon', 'fri']" Engineering
"Title: Telesales Operator/ Sales Negotiator
Webindex: 71796980
Company: CVbrowser
Description: Our client, a profitable estate agent is looking to recruit telesales negotiators with excellent communication skills to join their team. A prime candidate will possess previous sales negotiating and customer service experience with an estate agency. Candidate must be able to adopt a flexible working attitude to working hours as evening and weekend working will be required. Full training is given with induction. In return you will earn a competitive basic salary with a fantastic bonus structure." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00001.txt " Telesales Operator/ Sales Negotiator" " 71796980" " CVbrowser" " Our client, a profitable estate agent is looking to recruit telesales negotiators with excellent communication skills to join their team. A prime candidate will possess previous sales negotiating and customer service experience with an estate agency. Candidate must be able to adopt a flexible working attitude to working hours as evening and weekend working will be required. Full training is given with induction. In return you will earn a competitive basic salary with a fantastic bonus structure." "['profitable', 'estate', 'agent', 'recruit', 'telesales', 'communication', 'prime', 'possess', 'previous', 'negotiating', 'estate', 'agency', 'adopt', 'flexible', 'attitude', 'hours', 'evening', 'weekend', 'induction', 'return', 'earn', 'competitive', 'basic', 'fantastic', 'bonus', 'structure']" Engineering
"Title: Underwriter
Webindex: 70758173
Company: Focus Select
Description: This is an excellent opportunity to work with a well established and respected insurance company based in Brighton as an Initial Underwriter. The right candidate will providing quotations and support to the Underwriter, Sales Consultants and Financial Advisers. You will be responsible for preparing and processing quotations Answering queries and questions over the phone, by email and fax Interpreting information regarding underwriting for individuals and schemes Provide support to the sales consultants and sales administrators Complete all other ad hoc duties The right person will have an excellent eye for detail, will be highly numerate and literate, have a high level of accuracy, be very organised and will have good communication skills. Ideally you will be from an insurance background with some experience of pricing underwriting. You must have GCSE Math s and English or equivalent C grade or above" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00348.txt " Underwriter" " 70758173" " Focus Select" " This is an excellent opportunity to work with a well established and respected insurance company based in Brighton as an Initial Underwriter. The right candidate will providing quotations and support to the Underwriter, Sales Consultants and Financial Advisers. You will be responsible for preparing and processing quotations Answering queries and questions over the phone, by email and fax Interpreting information regarding underwriting for individuals and schemes Provide support to the sales consultants and sales administrators Complete all other ad hoc duties The right person will have an excellent eye for detail, will be highly numerate and literate, have a high level of accuracy, be very organised and will have good communication skills. Ideally you will be from an insurance background with some experience of pricing underwriting. You must have GCSE Math s and English or equivalent C grade or above" "['established', 'respected', 'insurance', 'brighton', 'initial', 'underwriter', 'providing', 'quotations', 'underwriter', 'consultants', 'advisers', 'responsible', 'preparing', 'processing', 'quotations', 'answering', 'queries', 'questions', 'phone', 'email', 'fax', 'interpreting', 'information', 'underwriting', 'individuals', 'schemes', 'consultants', 'administrators', 'complete', 'ad', 'hoc', 'duties', 'person', 'eye', 'detail', 'highly', 'numerate', 'literate', 'level', 'accuracy', 'organised', 'communication', 'ideally', 'insurance', 'background', 'pricing', 'underwriting', 'gcse', 'english', 'equivalent', 'grade']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Field Care Supervisor (Domiciliary Care)
Webindex: 70682023
Description: Care 1 st Homecare is a leading provider for homecare services in Basingstoke, Bracknell and Bristol. Due to our continued expansion we are looking for an additional care Supervisor for our Basingstoke care team.You will need to be hard working, even tempered with a good sense of humour and good care care experience. Circumstances You will need to hold a full driving licence and be able to work at our office in Basingstoke.You must be able to take part in the on call/weekend shift rota. The Role As a supervisor you will be responsible for:  Rota's for the care staff working in your geographical patch  Supervising a team of care workers to ensure they provide excellent care  Participating in the out/hours of call rota  Providing relief care worker to cover emergencies  Liaising with professionals such as social workers, Doctors etc.  Care planning and risk assessments  General office duties The Person  It is essential that you have experience care experience  It is essential that you have good computer skills and office skills  It is essential that you have a good standard of spoken and written English Desirable but not essential  That you have care qualification but we are willing to train the right candidate We are a very dynamic and wonderful company to work for. To apply or to discuss the role further please email or CV to jobscare1st.co.uk or call **** and ask for Kay" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00604.txt " Field Care Supervisor (Domiciliary Care)" " 70682023"  " Care 1 st Homecare is a leading provider for homecare services in Basingstoke, Bracknell and Bristol. Due to our continued expansion we are looking for an additional care Supervisor for our Basingstoke care team.You will need to be hard working, even tempered with a good sense of humour and good care care experience. Circumstances You will need to hold a full driving licence and be able to work at our office in Basingstoke.You must be able to take part in the on call/weekend shift rota. The Role As a supervisor you will be responsible for:  Rota's for the care staff working in your geographical patch  Supervising a team of care workers to ensure they provide excellent care  Participating in the out/hours of call rota  Providing relief care worker to cover emergencies  Liaising with professionals such as social workers, Doctors etc.  Care planning and risk assessments  General office duties The Person  It is essential that you have experience care experience  It is essential that you have good computer skills and office skills  It is essential that you have a good standard of spoken and written English Desirable but not essential  That you have care qualification but we are willing to train the right candidate We are a very dynamic and wonderful company to work for. To apply or to discuss the role further please email or CV to jobscare1st.co.uk or call **** and ask for Kay" "['st', 'homecare', 'provider', 'homecare', 'basingstoke', 'bracknell', 'bristol', 'due', 'continued', 'expansion', 'additional', 'supervisor', 'basingstoke', 'hard', 'sense', 'circumstances', 'hold', 'driving', 'licence', 'office', 'basingstoke', 'part', 'call', 'weekend', 'shift', 'rota', 'supervisor', 'responsible', ""rota's"", 'geographical', 'patch', 'supervising', 'workers', 'participating', 'hours', 'call', 'rota', 'providing', 'worker', 'cover', 'emergencies', 'liaising', 'professionals', 'social', 'workers', 'doctors', 'planning', 'risk', 'assessments', 'general', 'office', 'duties', 'person', 'essential', 'essential', 'computer', 'office', 'essential', 'standard', 'spoken', 'written', 'english', 'desirable', 'essential', 'qualification', 'train', 'dynamic', 'discuss', 'email', 'cv', 'st', 'call']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Sales Consultants
Webindex: 68180326
Company: Headford Consulting Ltd
Description: Job Title: Sales Consultants Location: Birmingham Salary: ****  **** (OTE including bonus) Headford Consulting are currently recruiting for a number of sales consultants to work for a well established firm in the Birmingham area. You will be selling a range of products using an existing database from initial prospect to face to face meetings to close the deal. Duties include:  Networking within companies to identify key decision makers  Cold calling companies in order to gain appointments  Have the ability to gain contractual information in order to sell products  Communicating effectively both on the telephone and face to face  Working in a target driven team orientated environment This is an exiting opportunity with a fantastic commission structure. We are looking for strong, resilient sales people able to network, gain leads and close deals" 3 data/Sales\Job_00637.txt " Sales Consultants" " 68180326" " Headford Consulting Ltd" " Job Title: Sales Consultants Location: Birmingham Salary: ****  **** (OTE including bonus) Headford Consulting are currently recruiting for a number of sales consultants to work for a well established firm in the Birmingham area. You will be selling a range of products using an existing database from initial prospect to face to face meetings to close the deal. Duties include:  Networking within companies to identify key decision makers  Cold calling companies in order to gain appointments  Have the ability to gain contractual information in order to sell products  Communicating effectively both on the telephone and face to face  Working in a target driven team orientated environment This is an exiting opportunity with a fantastic commission structure. We are looking for strong, resilient sales people able to network, gain leads and close deals" "['title', 'consultants', 'location', 'birmingham', 'ote', 'bonus', 'consulting', 'recruiting', 'number', 'consultants', 'established', 'firm', 'birmingham', 'area', 'selling', 'range', 'products', 'existing', 'database', 'initial', 'prospect', 'face', 'face', 'meetings', 'close', 'deal', 'duties', 'include', 'networking', 'companies', 'identify', 'key', 'decision', 'makers', 'cold', 'calling', 'companies', 'order', 'gain', 'appointments', 'gain', 'contractual', 'information', 'order', 'sell', 'products', 'communicating', 'effectively', 'telephone', 'face', 'face', 'target', 'driven', 'orientated', 'environment', 'fantastic', 'commission', 'structure', 'resilient', 'people', 'network', 'gain', 'leads', 'close', 'deals']" Sales
"Title: PPI Telephony (Between 8am and 8pm Mon to Fri)
Webindex: 72338070
Company: Adecco Keele National Resource Center
Description: This is an exciting opportunity to join one of the UK s leading Financial Institutions as a PPI Telephony Agent on a temporary basis. You will be required to work 35 hours per week  Monday to Friday between 8am and 8pm. The salary is ****per hour. The training for the role will be **** for 2 weeks. Please not the role is a temporary position for around 6 months  Role Description This is primarily a telephony based role  agents will deliver performance excellence by ensuring that all customers receive a world class service whilst working as part of a team which undertakes a range of PPI misselling complaints resolution and servicing activities. The role holder may be required to work flexibly across a variety of different activities. Activities include investigation of both customer complex queries and complaints along with Head Office complaints. This role involves both written and verbal communication with our customers. Overall Job Purpose Managing, and where appropriate resolving, customer enquiries, feedback and complaints effectively, to achieve the best possible customer satisfaction and outcome for the customer in line with Regulation, policy and best practice. Working with team colleagues to enable the delivery of consistently high standards of seamless customer service and achievement of individual service targets. Proactively developing the necessary knowledge and skills needed to achieve successful delivery and provide accurate and current advice and appropriate support to customers The successful candidate will need:  Some banking knowledge  Excellent telephone communication skills and the ability to provide great customer service through the use of listening and questioning skills to identify customer complaints and provide resolution.  Customer Service Experience is required as well as excellent problem solving, keyboard and screen navigation skills. Previous complaint management experience is desirable.  Experience of working towards targets and deadlines  Working knowledge and understanding of relevant legislation, e.g. Code of Banking Practice, Consumer Credit Act, Data Protection  Strong verbal and written communication skills  Strong interpersonal and listening skills  Strong complaint handling skills  Strong personal organisation skills The application process is subject to the successful completion of background and reference checking, including CRB and CCJ (County Court Judgement) checks Consultant: Racheal Bailey Phone: (Apply online only) Adecco is an equal opportunities employer If you do not hear from one of our consultants within 7 days of applying for this role, please assume you have been unsuccessful in this instance. Your CV will be kept on file and you will be consider for future vacancies that match your skills Adecco is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00396.txt " PPI Telephony (Between 8am and 8pm Mon to Fri)" " 72338070" " Adecco Keele National Resource Center" " This is an exciting opportunity to join one of the UK s leading Financial Institutions as a PPI Telephony Agent on a temporary basis. You will be required to work 35 hours per week  Monday to Friday between 8am and 8pm. The salary is ****per hour. The training for the role will be **** for 2 weeks. Please not the role is a temporary position for around 6 months  Role Description This is primarily a telephony based role  agents will deliver performance excellence by ensuring that all customers receive a world class service whilst working as part of a team which undertakes a range of PPI misselling complaints resolution and servicing activities. The role holder may be required to work flexibly across a variety of different activities. Activities include investigation of both customer complex queries and complaints along with Head Office complaints. This role involves both written and verbal communication with our customers. Overall Job Purpose Managing, and where appropriate resolving, customer enquiries, feedback and complaints effectively, to achieve the best possible customer satisfaction and outcome for the customer in line with Regulation, policy and best practice. Working with team colleagues to enable the delivery of consistently high standards of seamless customer service and achievement of individual service targets. Proactively developing the necessary knowledge and skills needed to achieve successful delivery and provide accurate and current advice and appropriate support to customers The successful candidate will need:  Some banking knowledge  Excellent telephone communication skills and the ability to provide great customer service through the use of listening and questioning skills to identify customer complaints and provide resolution.  Customer Service Experience is required as well as excellent problem solving, keyboard and screen navigation skills. Previous complaint management experience is desirable.  Experience of working towards targets and deadlines  Working knowledge and understanding of relevant legislation, e.g. Code of Banking Practice, Consumer Credit Act, Data Protection  Strong verbal and written communication skills  Strong interpersonal and listening skills  Strong complaint handling skills  Strong personal organisation skills The application process is subject to the successful completion of background and reference checking, including CRB and CCJ (County Court Judgement) checks Consultant: Racheal Bailey Phone: (Apply online only) Adecco is an equal opportunities employer If you do not hear from one of our consultants within 7 days of applying for this role, please assume you have been unsuccessful in this instance. Your CV will be kept on file and you will be consider for future vacancies that match your skills Adecco is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy" "['exciting', 'institutions', 'ppi', 'telephony', 'agent', 'temporary', 'basis', 'hours', 'week', 'monday', 'friday', 'pm', 'hour', 'weeks', 'temporary', 'months', 'description', 'primarily', 'telephony', 'agents', 'deliver', 'performance', 'excellence', 'ensuring', 'customers', 'receive', 'world', 'class', 'whilst', 'part', 'undertakes', 'range', 'ppi', 'complaints', 'resolution', 'servicing', 'activities', 'holder', 'flexibly', 'variety', 'activities', 'activities', 'include', 'investigation', 'complex', 'queries', 'complaints', 'head', 'office', 'complaints', 'involves', 'written', 'verbal', 'communication', 'customers', 'purpose', 'managing', 'resolving', 'enquiries', 'feedback', 'complaints', 'effectively', 'achieve', 'satisfaction', 'outcome', 'line', 'regulation', 'policy', 'practice', 'colleagues', 'enable', 'delivery', 'consistently', 'standards', 'seamless', 'achievement', 'individual', 'targets', 'proactively', 'developing', 'needed', 'achieve', 'delivery', 'accurate', 'current', 'advice', 'customers', 'banking', 'telephone', 'communication', 'great', 'listening', 'questioning', 'identify', 'complaints', 'resolution', 'problem', 'solving', 'keyboard', 'screen', 'previous', 'complaint', 'desirable', 'targets', 'deadlines', 'understanding', 'relevant', 'legislation', 'code', 'banking', 'practice', 'consumer', 'credit', 'act', 'data', 'protection', 'verbal', 'written', 'communication', 'interpersonal', 'listening', 'complaint', 'handling', 'personal', 'organisation', 'application', 'process', 'subject', 'completion', 'background', 'reference', 'checking', 'crb', 'county', 'court', 'judgement', 'checks', 'consultant', 'bailey', 'phone', 'online', 'adecco', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer', 'hear', 'consultants', 'days', 'applying', 'assume', 'unsuccessful', 'instance', 'cv', 'file', 'future', 'vacancies', 'match', 'adecco', 'acting', 'employment', 'relation', 'vacancy']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Senior Schemes Affinities Broker
Webindex: 72421504
Company: Idex Consulting LLP
Description: A Lloyd s broker in the City are looking for a senior Schemes and Affinities specialist to join their growing business. The company have a exceptional network they are looking for someone to take advantage of, offering a number of local high street and retail broker connections. They are looking for someone to establish a number of new Schemes across multiple product lines, but can offer an excellent support structure and tailored package to the right person. This is an opportunity to be on the ground floor of a major development project with a growing privately owned broker with an excellent reputation and standing in the market. Please visit www.idexconsulting.com for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00338.txt " Senior Schemes Affinities Broker" " 72421504" " Idex Consulting LLP" " A Lloyd s broker in the City are looking for a senior Schemes and Affinities specialist to join their growing business. The company have a exceptional network they are looking for someone to take advantage of, offering a number of local high street and retail broker connections. They are looking for someone to establish a number of new Schemes across multiple product lines, but can offer an excellent support structure and tailored package to the right person. This is an opportunity to be on the ground floor of a major development project with a growing privately owned broker with an excellent reputation and standing in the market. Please visit www.idexconsulting.com for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful." "['lloyd', 'broker', 'city', 'senior', 'schemes', 'specialist', 'growing', 'exceptional', 'network', 'advantage', 'offering', 'number', 'local', 'street', 'retail', 'broker', 'connections', 'establish', 'number', 'schemes', 'multiple', 'product', 'lines', 'offer', 'structure', 'tailored', 'package', 'person', 'ground', 'floor', 'major', 'project', 'growing', 'privately', 'owned', 'broker', 'reputation', 'standing', 'market', 'visit', 'www', 'opportunities', 'foot', 'note', 'application', 'contact', 'discuss', 'detail', 'hours', 'receiving', 'application', 'application', 'unsuccessful', 'information', 'supplied', 'retained', 'connection', 'future', 'vacancies', 'due', 'overwhelming', 'application', 'response', 'receive', 'sources', 'hear', 'week', 'assume', 'application', 'unsuccessful']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Stress Testing Risk Manager  Nonlife
Webindex: 71686822
Company: Star Actuarial Futures
Description: Leading nonlife insurer seeks a talented individual to perform and develop stress testing to provide a view on all underlying risks to the Group. You will Interact with the business to inform and influence business strategy. You will: Design and implement methodology of stress tests according to regulatory, industry and company standards. Perform stress tests on the overall budget of the Group and provide a view on the risks underlying the plan to the Executive. Interact with the business to inform and influence business strategy via results of the various stress testing exercises. Prepare formal reports, and all associated documentation to a high quality within agreed timescales (e.g. meeting minutes, team documentation, calculations, tracking of recommendations). Present results and highlight mitigations to forums such as the Risk Executive Steering Group and the Stress and Scenario Testing Validation forum. Engage key stakeholders for Stress and Scenario Testing, in particular Executive, External stakeholders, Finance and Actuarial teams, Underwriting and Risk. Perform independent stress tests on the internal (Solvency II) capital model, using the results of these models to given an opinion on the validity of the model. Proactively recommend responses to changing regulatory requirements and business matters. Keep up to date with current risk and actuarial methodologies applied for stress and scenario testing, capital analysis and reserving purposes Assist on design, management and analytic input across the range of Risk Actuarial work (e.g. validation of capital modelling and reserving; pricing and reinsurance opinions). Plan and implement continuous improvements to Stress and Scenario testing to maximise its value. Please contact us now for more information regarding this exciting role. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. nbsp; Louis Manson nbsp; M : **** (****)**** **** **** nbsp; T : **** (****)**** **** **** nbsp; E : louis.mansonstaractuarial.com nbsp; Antony Buxton FIA nbsp; M : **** (****)**** **** **** nbsp; T : **** (****)**** **** **** nbsp; E : antony.buxtonstaractuarial.com" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00248.txt " Stress Testing Risk Manager  Nonlife" " 71686822" " Star Actuarial Futures" " Leading nonlife insurer seeks a talented individual to perform and develop stress testing to provide a view on all underlying risks to the Group. You will Interact with the business to inform and influence business strategy. You will: Design and implement methodology of stress tests according to regulatory, industry and company standards. Perform stress tests on the overall budget of the Group and provide a view on the risks underlying the plan to the Executive. Interact with the business to inform and influence business strategy via results of the various stress testing exercises. Prepare formal reports, and all associated documentation to a high quality within agreed timescales (e.g. meeting minutes, team documentation, calculations, tracking of recommendations). Present results and highlight mitigations to forums such as the Risk Executive Steering Group and the Stress and Scenario Testing Validation forum. Engage key stakeholders for Stress and Scenario Testing, in particular Executive, External stakeholders, Finance and Actuarial teams, Underwriting and Risk. Perform independent stress tests on the internal (Solvency II) capital model, using the results of these models to given an opinion on the validity of the model. Proactively recommend responses to changing regulatory requirements and business matters. Keep up to date with current risk and actuarial methodologies applied for stress and scenario testing, capital analysis and reserving purposes Assist on design, management and analytic input across the range of Risk Actuarial work (e.g. validation of capital modelling and reserving; pricing and reinsurance opinions). Plan and implement continuous improvements to Stress and Scenario testing to maximise its value. Please contact us now for more information regarding this exciting role. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. nbsp; Louis Manson nbsp; M : **** (****)**** **** **** nbsp; T : **** (****)**** **** **** nbsp; E : louis.mansonstaractuarial.com nbsp; Antony Buxton FIA nbsp; M : **** (****)**** **** **** nbsp; T : **** (****)**** **** **** nbsp; E : antony.buxtonstaractuarial.com" "['insurer', 'seeks', 'talented', 'individual', 'perform', 'develop', 'stress', 'testing', 'view', 'underlying', 'risks', 'group', 'interact', 'inform', 'influence', 'strategy', 'implement', 'methodology', 'stress', 'tests', 'regulatory', 'industry', 'standards', 'perform', 'stress', 'tests', 'budget', 'group', 'view', 'risks', 'underlying', 'plan', 'executive', 'interact', 'inform', 'influence', 'strategy', 'results', 'stress', 'testing', 'exercises', 'prepare', 'formal', 'reports', 'documentation', 'quality', 'agreed', 'timescales', 'meeting', 'minutes', 'documentation', 'calculations', 'tracking', 'recommendations', 'present', 'results', 'highlight', 'forums', 'risk', 'executive', 'group', 'stress', 'scenario', 'testing', 'validation', 'forum', 'engage', 'key', 'stakeholders', 'stress', 'scenario', 'testing', 'executive', 'external', 'stakeholders', 'finance', 'actuarial', 'teams', 'underwriting', 'risk', 'perform', 'independent', 'stress', 'tests', 'internal', 'capital', 'model', 'results', 'models', 'opinion', 'model', 'proactively', 'recommend', 'responses', 'changing', 'regulatory', 'requirements', 'matters', 'date', 'current', 'risk', 'actuarial', 'methodologies', 'applied', 'stress', 'scenario', 'testing', 'capital', 'analysis', 'reserving', 'purposes', 'assist', 'input', 'range', 'risk', 'actuarial', 'validation', 'capital', 'modelling', 'reserving', 'pricing', 'opinions', 'plan', 'implement', 'continuous', 'improvements', 'stress', 'scenario', 'testing', 'maximise', 'contact', 'information', 'exciting', 'contact', 'discuss', 'vacancy', 'informal', 'discussion', 'career', 'goals', 'happy', 'perform', 'bespoke', 'research', 'behalf', 'nbsp', 'louis', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'louis', 'nbsp', 'antony', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'antony']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Corporate Tax Accounant  Coventry
Webindex: 72242359
Company: Lloyds Pharmacy
Description: Corporate Tax Accounant  Coventry Benefits You’ll work with a truly professional team of people who have a wealth of experience and business sense. In return, you’ll receive a marketleading salary and benefits that include: • **** – **** • Pension • 25 days’ holiday (with the option to buy or sell five additional days) • Childcare vouchers • Staff discounts About us Celesio Group UK is a leading healthcare services provider who employs over **** people across the UK. Our Vision  People’s health is the focus of our entrepreneurial business activities in Europe and everywhere, today and in the past – since **** Celesio Group UK incorporates: Lloydspharmacy • We have over **** pharmacies up and down the country. • We dispense over 150 million prescription items every year. • We offer more private consultation areas than any other pharmacy –they're currently available in 97% of our pharmacies AAH Pharmaceuticals • We are the nation's leading distributor of pharmaceutical and healthcare products and services to pharmacies, hospitals and doctors • With **** locations across the UK over a suite of subsidiaries and brands • Making over **** deliveries a week and with over **** products stocked. Duties Working as an Corporate Tax Accountant within the Finance function key responsibilities include : Preparation of the group’s corporation tax computations for review by the Tax Manager Improvements to compliance processes to achieve efficiency and quality gains Calculation and administration of quarterly corporation tax payments on account Preparation of Retail Division tax figures for group reporting purposes – monthly, hard close and fast close Preparation of tax figures and disclosures for statutory accounts Monitoring and preparation of claims and elections (in particular, reinvestment claims) Maintain records of capital losses – restricted and unrestricted Dealing with queries from HMRC Supporting the financial accounting team on tax reporting matters Ad hoc projects and queries from the business on tax issues Formal documentation of tax processes and controls to satisfy good practice and corporate governance requirements Preparation of the annual PAYE settlement agreement Supervision of Tax Assistant on delegated compliance tasks What we are looking for Fully Qualified accountant Experience of corporation tax compliance and reporting (min 2 years) Microsoft Office, in particular high level of Excel competency Supervision of staff nterpersonal skills to build relationships within the business Self motivated and ability to work on own initiative to meet deadlines Analytical skills for understanding complex transactions and journals Attention to detail and accuracy Tax qualification CTA Experience of using Sage Taxation PbO tax software This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CorporateTaxAccounantCoventry_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00295.txt " Corporate Tax Accounant  Coventry" " 72242359" " Lloyds Pharmacy" " Corporate Tax Accounant  Coventry Benefits You’ll work with a truly professional team of people who have a wealth of experience and business sense. In return, you’ll receive a marketleading salary and benefits that include: • **** – **** • Pension • 25 days’ holiday (with the option to buy or sell five additional days) • Childcare vouchers • Staff discounts About us Celesio Group UK is a leading healthcare services provider who employs over **** people across the UK. Our Vision  People’s health is the focus of our entrepreneurial business activities in Europe and everywhere, today and in the past – since **** Celesio Group UK incorporates: Lloydspharmacy • We have over **** pharmacies up and down the country. • We dispense over 150 million prescription items every year. • We offer more private consultation areas than any other pharmacy –they're currently available in 97% of our pharmacies AAH Pharmaceuticals • We are the nation's leading distributor of pharmaceutical and healthcare products and services to pharmacies, hospitals and doctors • With **** locations across the UK over a suite of subsidiaries and brands • Making over **** deliveries a week and with over **** products stocked. Duties Working as an Corporate Tax Accountant within the Finance function key responsibilities include : Preparation of the group’s corporation tax computations for review by the Tax Manager Improvements to compliance processes to achieve efficiency and quality gains Calculation and administration of quarterly corporation tax payments on account Preparation of Retail Division tax figures for group reporting purposes – monthly, hard close and fast close Preparation of tax figures and disclosures for statutory accounts Monitoring and preparation of claims and elections (in particular, reinvestment claims) Maintain records of capital losses – restricted and unrestricted Dealing with queries from HMRC Supporting the financial accounting team on tax reporting matters Ad hoc projects and queries from the business on tax issues Formal documentation of tax processes and controls to satisfy good practice and corporate governance requirements Preparation of the annual PAYE settlement agreement Supervision of Tax Assistant on delegated compliance tasks What we are looking for Fully Qualified accountant Experience of corporation tax compliance and reporting (min 2 years) Microsoft Office, in particular high level of Excel competency Supervision of staff nterpersonal skills to build relationships within the business Self motivated and ability to work on own initiative to meet deadlines Analytical skills for understanding complex transactions and journals Attention to detail and accuracy Tax qualification CTA Experience of using Sage Taxation PbO tax software This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CorporateTaxAccounantCoventry_job****" "['corporate', 'tax', 'coventry', 'benefits', 'll', 'professional', 'people', 'wealth', 'sense', 'return', 'll', 'receive', 'marketleading', 'benefits', 'include', 'pension', 'days', 'holiday', 'option', 'buy', 'sell', 'additional', 'days', 'childcare', 'vouchers', 'discounts', 'celesio', 'group', 'healthcare', 'provider', 'employs', 'people', 'vision', 'people', 'health', 'focus', 'entrepreneurial', 'activities', 'europe', 'today', 'past', 'celesio', 'group', 'incorporates', 'pharmacies', 'country', 'million', 'prescription', 'items', 'year', 'offer', 'private', 'consultation', 'areas', 'pharmacy', 'pharmacies', 'pharmaceuticals', 'distributor', 'pharmaceutical', 'healthcare', 'products', 'pharmacies', 'hospitals', 'doctors', 'locations', 'suite', 'subsidiaries', 'brands', 'making', 'week', 'products', 'duties', 'corporate', 'tax', 'accountant', 'finance', 'function', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'preparation', 'group', 'corporation', 'tax', 'computations', 'review', 'tax', 'improvements', 'compliance', 'processes', 'achieve', 'efficiency', 'quality', 'calculation', 'administration', 'quarterly', 'corporation', 'tax', 'payments', 'account', 'preparation', 'retail', 'division', 'tax', 'figures', 'group', 'reporting', 'purposes', 'monthly', 'hard', 'close', 'fast', 'close', 'preparation', 'tax', 'figures', 'statutory', 'accounts', 'monitoring', 'preparation', 'claims', 'claims', 'maintain', 'records', 'capital', 'dealing', 'queries', 'hmrc', 'supporting', 'accounting', 'tax', 'reporting', 'matters', 'ad', 'hoc', 'projects', 'queries', 'tax', 'issues', 'formal', 'documentation', 'tax', 'processes', 'controls', 'satisfy', 'practice', 'corporate', 'governance', 'requirements', 'preparation', 'annual', 'paye', 'settlement', 'agreement', 'supervision', 'tax', 'assistant', 'compliance', 'tasks', 'fully', 'qualified', 'accountant', 'corporation', 'tax', 'compliance', 'reporting', 'min', 'years', 'microsoft', 'office', 'level', 'excel', 'competency', 'supervision', 'build', 'relationships', 'motivated', 'initiative', 'meet', 'deadlines', 'analytical', 'understanding', 'complex', 'transactions', 'journals', 'attention', 'detail', 'accuracy', 'tax', 'qualification', 'cta', 'sage', 'tax', 'software', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Livein Care Assistant Job London
Webindex: 55400426
Description: Active Assistance require Live in Care Assistants URGENTLY in London and for ongoing live in care work across England and Wales. Excellent rates of pay and support. Do you have; A full driving licence The right to work in the UK Are you a Live in Carer who is; Passionate about people? Aged **** or over The benefits of working with us: Flexible working patterns Paid holiday Regular breaks to travel, relax and get back to your own life Lots of different clients in many different parts of England and Wales so you get a chance to see different places We pay for all of your travel A strong support network of nurses as well as former PAs who can give you help and advice any time you need it The cost of your training and accommodation covered In house level 2 and **** Diploma training with easy access to our own assessors and of course a pay rise after completing your Diploma We provide live in care job seekers to our spinalcord injured clients who are based all over England and Wales. You would be assigned to assist a client with their everyday needs, including all personal care and domestic duties for one to three weeks at a time. Your role is to allow our clients to live independently in their own homes. This is an opportunity to build a rewarding career within Health and Social Care. As a live in care worker we will provide you with full training to work with our clients and you will earn holiday pay from the start, get flexible working patterns and the opportunity to study towards a diploma level 2 and **** in Health and Social Care. While you are on an assignment you are provided with food and accommodation. INTERESTED in working to your own pattern? Does this sound ideal for you and your lifestyle? If so please apply for more information on the role and our requirements and fill in an online application form . Testimonial from a PA “I joined Active because I wanted to find a job that would allow me to enhance my CV, live away from home, save money for travelling in the future, give me excellent training opportunities and provide me with a completely new experience in a field which I had never worked in. Working for Active not only gave me all these things, it was also great fun, eye opening and inspiring”. KEYWORDS: Active Assistance, Live in care job, live in care worker job, live in carer, livein care, livein carer. Live in Care Job London Active Assistance is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of vulnerable adults and children. All applicants must be willing to undergo the appropriate screening, including checks with past employers and an Enhanced Disclosure via the Criminal Records Bureau. This position is exempt from the Employment Equality (Age) Regulations **** as per section ****(2)." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00471.txt " Livein Care Assistant Job London" " 55400426"  " Active Assistance require Live in Care Assistants URGENTLY in London and for ongoing live in care work across England and Wales. Excellent rates of pay and support. Do you have; A full driving licence The right to work in the UK Are you a Live in Carer who is; Passionate about people? Aged **** or over The benefits of working with us: Flexible working patterns Paid holiday Regular breaks to travel, relax and get back to your own life Lots of different clients in many different parts of England and Wales so you get a chance to see different places We pay for all of your travel A strong support network of nurses as well as former PAs who can give you help and advice any time you need it The cost of your training and accommodation covered In house level 2 and **** Diploma training with easy access to our own assessors and of course a pay rise after completing your Diploma We provide live in care job seekers to our spinalcord injured clients who are based all over England and Wales. You would be assigned to assist a client with their everyday needs, including all personal care and domestic duties for one to three weeks at a time. Your role is to allow our clients to live independently in their own homes. This is an opportunity to build a rewarding career within Health and Social Care. As a live in care worker we will provide you with full training to work with our clients and you will earn holiday pay from the start, get flexible working patterns and the opportunity to study towards a diploma level 2 and **** in Health and Social Care. While you are on an assignment you are provided with food and accommodation. INTERESTED in working to your own pattern? Does this sound ideal for you and your lifestyle? If so please apply for more information on the role and our requirements and fill in an online application form . Testimonial from a PA “I joined Active because I wanted to find a job that would allow me to enhance my CV, live away from home, save money for travelling in the future, give me excellent training opportunities and provide me with a completely new experience in a field which I had never worked in. Working for Active not only gave me all these things, it was also great fun, eye opening and inspiring”. KEYWORDS: Active Assistance, Live in care job, live in care worker job, live in carer, livein care, livein carer. Live in Care Job London Active Assistance is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of vulnerable adults and children. All applicants must be willing to undergo the appropriate screening, including checks with past employers and an Enhanced Disclosure via the Criminal Records Bureau. This position is exempt from the Employment Equality (Age) Regulations **** as per section ****(2)." "['active', 'assistance', 'require', 'live', 'assistants', 'urgently', 'london', 'ongoing', 'live', 'england', 'wales', 'rates', 'pay', 'driving', 'licence', 'live', 'carer', 'passionate', 'people', 'aged', 'benefits', 'flexible', 'patterns', 'paid', 'holiday', 'regular', 'travel', 'relax', 'back', 'life', 'lots', 'parts', 'england', 'wales', 'chance', 'places', 'pay', 'travel', 'network', 'nurses', 'give', 'advice', 'time', 'cost', 'accommodation', 'covered', 'house', 'level', 'diploma', 'easy', 'access', 'assessors', 'pay', 'rise', 'completing', 'diploma', 'live', 'seekers', 'england', 'wales', 'assigned', 'assist', 'everyday', 'personal', 'domestic', 'duties', 'weeks', 'time', 'live', 'independently', 'homes', 'build', 'rewarding', 'career', 'health', 'social', 'live', 'worker', 'earn', 'holiday', 'pay', 'start', 'flexible', 'patterns', 'study', 'diploma', 'level', 'health', 'social', 'assignment', 'provided', 'food', 'accommodation', 'interested', 'pattern', 'sound', 'ideal', 'lifestyle', 'information', 'requirements', 'fill', 'online', 'application', 'form', 'pa', 'joined', 'active', 'wanted', 'find', 'enhance', 'cv', 'live', 'save', 'money', 'travelling', 'future', 'give', 'opportunities', 'completely', 'field', 'worked', 'active', 'things', 'great', 'fun', 'eye', 'opening', 'inspiring', 'keywords', 'active', 'assistance', 'live', 'live', 'worker', 'live', 'carer', 'livein', 'livein', 'carer', 'live', 'london', 'active', 'assistance', 'committed', 'safeguarding', 'promoting', 'welfare', 'vulnerable', 'adults', 'children', 'applicants', 'undergo', 'screening', 'checks', 'past', 'employers', 'enhanced', 'disclosure', 'criminal', 'records', 'bureau', 'exempt', 'employment', 'equality', 'age', 'regulations', 'section']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Project Manager  Optics / Optical / Precision Instrumentation Systems
Webindex: 72485547
Company: Enterprise Recruitment Limited
Description: Project Manager  Optics/Optical/Precision Instrumentation Systems New position with a leading R D company who provide high quality, costeffective commercial satellite technology solutions for the European and World Space Programmes. They are looking to expand their Optical Division and take on an additional Project Manager to be responsible for managing large international satellite projects with emphasis on the optical/imaging/instrumentation side, from contract negotiation through to delivery into orbit and operations. You will also manage bids and studies for a variety of customers, including: providing customer interface, coordinating the project/bid team, work packages coordination/breakdown, project milestones, costs packs and controlling budgets, review/monthly reports/customer reviews configuration control. You ll need at least 3 years project management experience ideally in the optics/optical/imaging/instrumentation or aerospace/defence or satellite/space industry. The remuneration is circa ****k  ****k plus pension, bonus (approx 3  5%), medical, 32 days hols plus Banks Hols  wow Interested? Please contact Andrew Langridge at Enterprise Recruitment Ltd with your CV in Word quoting reference ****AL." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00194.txt " Project Manager  Optics / Optical / Precision Instrumentation Systems" " 72485547" " Enterprise Recruitment Limited" " Project Manager  Optics/Optical/Precision Instrumentation Systems New position with a leading R D company who provide high quality, costeffective commercial satellite technology solutions for the European and World Space Programmes. They are looking to expand their Optical Division and take on an additional Project Manager to be responsible for managing large international satellite projects with emphasis on the optical/imaging/instrumentation side, from contract negotiation through to delivery into orbit and operations. You will also manage bids and studies for a variety of customers, including: providing customer interface, coordinating the project/bid team, work packages coordination/breakdown, project milestones, costs packs and controlling budgets, review/monthly reports/customer reviews configuration control. You ll need at least 3 years project management experience ideally in the optics/optical/imaging/instrumentation or aerospace/defence or satellite/space industry. The remuneration is circa ****k  ****k plus pension, bonus (approx 3  5%), medical, 32 days hols plus Banks Hols  wow Interested? Please contact Andrew Langridge at Enterprise Recruitment Ltd with your CV in Word quoting reference ****AL." "['project', 'optics', 'optical', 'precision', 'instrumentation', 'quality', 'commercial', 'satellite', 'technology', 'solutions', 'european', 'world', 'space', 'programmes', 'expand', 'optical', 'division', 'additional', 'project', 'responsible', 'managing', 'large', 'international', 'satellite', 'projects', 'emphasis', 'optical', 'imaging', 'instrumentation', 'side', 'contract', 'negotiation', 'delivery', 'operations', 'manage', 'bids', 'studies', 'variety', 'customers', 'providing', 'interface', 'coordinating', 'project', 'bid', 'packages', 'coordination', 'breakdown', 'project', 'milestones', 'costs', 'packs', 'controlling', 'budgets', 'review', 'monthly', 'reports', 'reviews', 'configuration', 'control', 'll', 'years', 'project', 'ideally', 'optics', 'optical', 'imaging', 'instrumentation', 'aerospace', 'defence', 'satellite', 'space', 'industry', 'remuneration', 'circa', 'pension', 'bonus', 'approx', 'medical', 'days', 'hols', 'banks', 'hols', 'interested', 'contact', 'andrew', 'enterprise', 'cv', 'word', 'quoting', 'reference']" Engineering
"Title: Forklift Driver
Webindex: 69188332
Company: INTERACTION RECRUITMENT
Description: I am looking for a FORKLIFT OPERATOR in Norwich responsible for operating a forklift to move, locate, relocate, stack, and count merchandise. The Operator is accountable for the safe and efficient operation of the vehicle and may also be required to perform Order Filler and Checker duties. Receiving/PutAway : Unload inbound shipments safely and move product to storage locations. Efficiently stack and store the merchandise in the appropriate areas. Quality : Ensure inbound and outbound shipments are accurate and free of damage. Report quality variances. Order Picking : Pull and prepare product for shipment, ensuring that the exact number and type of product is loaded and shipped. Perform picking duties in an efficient manner that meets customer service standards. Loading : Efficiently move product from staging and/or storage areas into rail cars or trailers. Equipment: Load, unload, move, stack, and stage product and materials using a forklift, clamp truck or other power equipment. Use radio frequency equipment for picking, receiving, putaway, and load functions, as required. Maintain the facilitys equipment and materials in a neat, clean, and orderly fashion. On a daily basis, inspect and perform minor maintenance on the forklift or other equipment. Operate all equipment in a safe and efficient manner following prescribed work methods. You must have an up to date licence with experience For your chance to apply, please send an updated CV to jade.aldredirweb.co.uk or call on **** **** This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/ForkliftDriver_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00717.txt " Forklift Driver" " 69188332" " INTERACTION RECRUITMENT" " I am looking for a FORKLIFT OPERATOR in Norwich responsible for operating a forklift to move, locate, relocate, stack, and count merchandise. The Operator is accountable for the safe and efficient operation of the vehicle and may also be required to perform Order Filler and Checker duties. Receiving/PutAway : Unload inbound shipments safely and move product to storage locations. Efficiently stack and store the merchandise in the appropriate areas. Quality : Ensure inbound and outbound shipments are accurate and free of damage. Report quality variances. Order Picking : Pull and prepare product for shipment, ensuring that the exact number and type of product is loaded and shipped. Perform picking duties in an efficient manner that meets customer service standards. Loading : Efficiently move product from staging and/or storage areas into rail cars or trailers. Equipment: Load, unload, move, stack, and stage product and materials using a forklift, clamp truck or other power equipment. Use radio frequency equipment for picking, receiving, putaway, and load functions, as required. Maintain the facilitys equipment and materials in a neat, clean, and orderly fashion. On a daily basis, inspect and perform minor maintenance on the forklift or other equipment. Operate all equipment in a safe and efficient manner following prescribed work methods. You must have an up to date licence with experience For your chance to apply, please send an updated CV to jade.aldredirweb.co.uk or call on **** **** This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/ForkliftDriver_job****" "['forklift', 'operator', 'norwich', 'responsible', 'operating', 'forklift', 'move', 'locate', 'relocate', 'stack', 'merchandise', 'operator', 'accountable', 'safe', 'efficient', 'operation', 'vehicle', 'perform', 'order', 'duties', 'receiving', 'putaway', 'unload', 'inbound', 'shipments', 'safely', 'move', 'product', 'storage', 'locations', 'efficiently', 'stack', 'store', 'merchandise', 'areas', 'quality', 'inbound', 'outbound', 'shipments', 'accurate', 'free', 'damage', 'report', 'quality', 'variances', 'order', 'picking', 'prepare', 'product', 'ensuring', 'exact', 'number', 'type', 'product', 'perform', 'picking', 'duties', 'efficient', 'manner', 'meets', 'standards', 'loading', 'efficiently', 'move', 'product', 'storage', 'areas', 'rail', 'cars', 'equipment', 'load', 'unload', 'move', 'stack', 'stage', 'product', 'materials', 'forklift', 'truck', 'power', 'equipment', 'radio', 'frequency', 'equipment', 'picking', 'receiving', 'putaway', 'load', 'functions', 'maintain', 'equipment', 'materials', 'clean', 'orderly', 'fashion', 'daily', 'basis', 'inspect', 'perform', 'minor', 'maintenance', 'forklift', 'equipment', 'operate', 'equipment', 'safe', 'efficient', 'manner', 'prescribed', 'methods', 'date', 'licence', 'chance', 'send', 'updated', 'cv', 'jade', 'aldredirweb', 'call', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'salestarget', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Assistant Product Manager
Webindex: 72555421
Company: B&Q PLC
Description: Role Purpose Assists the Financial Services Product Managers with the operation of the Financial Services propositions within B Q to drive sales, incremental profit and deeper customer relationships. Role Objectives Manages aspects of the daytoday operation of Financial Services, in particular ensuring store and customerfacing processes, operate at or above specified service levels. Assists in the development of tactical plans (particularly in support of retail promotions) that are based on customer insight, competitor and market activity and thorough evaluation of past promotions Actively manages aspects of the vendor base to contracted service levels and provides challenge to ensure continuous improvement. Actively manages aspects of projects to ensure they are delivered to scope, on time and within budget Knowledge/Skills/Experience Required Essential skills: Analytical ability  experience of assessing performance and impacts on profitability Experience of the financial services or similar industry including technologies, competitors, suppliers and customers. Vendor management  experience of managing outsourced providers suppliers. Knowledge and Experience Communicating; balances talking and listening in meetings, communicates simply and clearly, confidently challenges, negotiates and influences other decision makers, shares ideas and information with others Working with others; builds effective relationships with peers outside own team, understands the impact of their own behaviour on others and modifies accordingly, not afraid to tackle conflict or confront others when problems occur Creativity  proven skill in creating innovative solutions, exploitations of technology and marketing campaigns." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00337.txt " Assistant Product Manager" " 72555421" " B&Q PLC" " Role Purpose Assists the Financial Services Product Managers with the operation of the Financial Services propositions within B Q to drive sales, incremental profit and deeper customer relationships. Role Objectives Manages aspects of the daytoday operation of Financial Services, in particular ensuring store and customerfacing processes, operate at or above specified service levels. Assists in the development of tactical plans (particularly in support of retail promotions) that are based on customer insight, competitor and market activity and thorough evaluation of past promotions Actively manages aspects of the vendor base to contracted service levels and provides challenge to ensure continuous improvement. Actively manages aspects of projects to ensure they are delivered to scope, on time and within budget Knowledge/Skills/Experience Required Essential skills: Analytical ability  experience of assessing performance and impacts on profitability Experience of the financial services or similar industry including technologies, competitors, suppliers and customers. Vendor management  experience of managing outsourced providers suppliers. Knowledge and Experience Communicating; balances talking and listening in meetings, communicates simply and clearly, confidently challenges, negotiates and influences other decision makers, shares ideas and information with others Working with others; builds effective relationships with peers outside own team, understands the impact of their own behaviour on others and modifies accordingly, not afraid to tackle conflict or confront others when problems occur Creativity  proven skill in creating innovative solutions, exploitations of technology and marketing campaigns." "['purpose', 'assists', 'product', 'managers', 'operation', 'propositions', 'drive', 'incremental', 'profit', 'relationships', 'objectives', 'manages', 'aspects', 'daytoday', 'operation', 'ensuring', 'store', 'customerfacing', 'processes', 'operate', 'levels', 'assists', 'tactical', 'plans', 'retail', 'promotions', 'insight', 'competitor', 'market', 'activity', 'evaluation', 'past', 'promotions', 'actively', 'manages', 'aspects', 'vendor', 'base', 'contracted', 'levels', 'challenge', 'continuous', 'improvement', 'actively', 'manages', 'aspects', 'projects', 'delivered', 'scope', 'time', 'budget', 'essential', 'analytical', 'assessing', 'performance', 'impacts', 'profitability', 'similar', 'industry', 'technologies', 'competitors', 'suppliers', 'customers', 'vendor', 'managing', 'outsourced', 'providers', 'suppliers', 'communicating', 'balances', 'talking', 'listening', 'meetings', 'simply', 'confidently', 'challenges', 'influences', 'decision', 'makers', 'shares', 'ideas', 'information', 'builds', 'effective', 'relationships', 'peers', 'understands', 'impact', 'behaviour', 'tackle', 'problems', 'occur', 'creativity', 'proven', 'skill', 'creating', 'innovative', 'solutions', 'technology', 'marketing', 'campaigns']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Staff Nurse  Bexhill on Sea  BexhillonSea
Webindex: 69119013
Company: London4Jobs
Description: Staff Nurse  Bexhill on Sea  ****kI have an excellent opportunity for an experienced RN to join one of the UKs leading charities in their Bexhill Nursing Home. This medium sized home provides nursing care for the elderly frail and those suffering with dementia, the home has an excellent reputation within the community and care industry. I am looking for a nurse with atleast 12 months experience who can support the Senior Nurse and be part of an excellent clinical team. Candidate requirements:Valid PIN Number12 months  ExperienceGood communication skillsGreat referencesThis organisation offers a competitive salary package, benefits include support for personal and professional development and opportunities for career progression. For more information or to apply please contact Steph on N/A or email your CV to s.hamilton N/A" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00550.txt " Staff Nurse  Bexhill on Sea  BexhillonSea" " 69119013" " London4Jobs" " Staff Nurse  Bexhill on Sea  ****kI have an excellent opportunity for an experienced RN to join one of the UKs leading charities in their Bexhill Nursing Home. This medium sized home provides nursing care for the elderly frail and those suffering with dementia, the home has an excellent reputation within the community and care industry. I am looking for a nurse with atleast 12 months experience who can support the Senior Nurse and be part of an excellent clinical team. Candidate requirements:Valid PIN Number12 months  ExperienceGood communication skillsGreat referencesThis organisation offers a competitive salary package, benefits include support for personal and professional development and opportunities for career progression. For more information or to apply please contact Steph on N/A or email your CV to s.hamilton N/A" "['nurse', 'bexhill', 'sea', 'experienced', 'rn', 'uks', 'charities', 'bexhill', 'nursing', 'medium', 'sized', 'nursing', 'elderly', 'frail', 'dementia', 'reputation', 'community', 'industry', 'nurse', 'months', 'senior', 'nurse', 'part', 'clinical', 'requirements', 'valid', 'pin', 'number', 'months', 'communication', 'organisation', 'offers', 'competitive', 'package', 'benefits', 'include', 'personal', 'professional', 'opportunities', 'career', 'progression', 'information', 'contact', 'steph', 'email', 'cv']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Mechanical Design Engineer
Webindex: 72395107
Company: JAM Recruitment Ltd
Description: Mechanical Design Engineer (Special Purpose Machinery) is required with experience of new product development for electromechanical hightechnology inspection systems. This is a permanent position that will be based in Hertfordshire. Mechanical Design Engineer (Special Purpose Machinery) is required with experience of new product development for electromechanical hightechnology inspection systems. This is a permanent position that will be based in Hertfordshire. The Mechanical Design Engineer (Special Purpose Machinery) will join a growing group who have more than doubled their Engineering Team size in the last two years based from impressive company financial growth of around 20% year on year. This role will be part of their product inspection group where you will be responsible for the design and development of electromechanical products from concept to completion. The machines are used in the FMCG and Pharmaceutical industries to detect production line contaminants and manufacturing anomalies for both liquids and solids using XRay based technology. To be considered for the role of Mechanical Design Engineer (Special Purpose Machinery) it is expected that you will have a mechanical design background in an area that can be applicable. You will be comfortable in the use CAD design and 3D modelling (ideally AutoCAD and InDesign but other packages such as ProEngineer, ProE or Solidworks will be OK). Your specific accountabilities will include product development from concept through to production, through systems requirements capture, change control and BOM, develop verification plans, handson product development, technical supporting etc. For further information on this permanently employed Mechanical Design Engineer (Special Purpose Machinery) role in the Hertfordshire area please contact Adam Morgan on today on **** **** **** (quote ref: AM383512) View our latest jobs today at www.jamrecruitment.co.uk and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position View our latest jobs today at www.jamrecruitment.co.uk and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00139.txt " Mechanical Design Engineer" " 72395107" " JAM Recruitment Ltd" " Mechanical Design Engineer (Special Purpose Machinery) is required with experience of new product development for electromechanical hightechnology inspection systems. This is a permanent position that will be based in Hertfordshire. Mechanical Design Engineer (Special Purpose Machinery) is required with experience of new product development for electromechanical hightechnology inspection systems. This is a permanent position that will be based in Hertfordshire. The Mechanical Design Engineer (Special Purpose Machinery) will join a growing group who have more than doubled their Engineering Team size in the last two years based from impressive company financial growth of around 20% year on year. This role will be part of their product inspection group where you will be responsible for the design and development of electromechanical products from concept to completion. The machines are used in the FMCG and Pharmaceutical industries to detect production line contaminants and manufacturing anomalies for both liquids and solids using XRay based technology. To be considered for the role of Mechanical Design Engineer (Special Purpose Machinery) it is expected that you will have a mechanical design background in an area that can be applicable. You will be comfortable in the use CAD design and 3D modelling (ideally AutoCAD and InDesign but other packages such as ProEngineer, ProE or Solidworks will be OK). Your specific accountabilities will include product development from concept through to production, through systems requirements capture, change control and BOM, develop verification plans, handson product development, technical supporting etc. For further information on this permanently employed Mechanical Design Engineer (Special Purpose Machinery) role in the Hertfordshire area please contact Adam Morgan on today on **** **** **** (quote ref: AM383512) View our latest jobs today at www.jamrecruitment.co.uk and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position View our latest jobs today at www.jamrecruitment.co.uk and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position." "['mechanical', 'special', 'purpose', 'machinery', 'product', 'electromechanical', 'hightechnology', 'inspection', 'permanent', 'hertfordshire', 'mechanical', 'special', 'purpose', 'machinery', 'product', 'electromechanical', 'hightechnology', 'inspection', 'permanent', 'hertfordshire', 'mechanical', 'special', 'purpose', 'machinery', 'growing', 'group', 'size', 'years', 'impressive', 'growth', 'year', 'year', 'part', 'product', 'inspection', 'group', 'responsible', 'electromechanical', 'products', 'concept', 'completion', 'machines', 'fmcg', 'pharmaceutical', 'industries', 'detect', 'production', 'line', 'manufacturing', 'anomalies', 'xray', 'technology', 'considered', 'mechanical', 'special', 'purpose', 'machinery', 'expected', 'mechanical', 'background', 'area', 'applicable', 'comfortable', 'cad', 'modelling', 'ideally', 'autocad', 'indesign', 'packages', 'proengineer', 'proe', 'solidworks', 'specific', 'accountabilities', 'include', 'product', 'concept', 'production', 'requirements', 'capture', 'change', 'control', 'develop', 'verification', 'plans', 'handson', 'product', 'technical', 'supporting', 'information', 'employed', 'mechanical', 'special', 'purpose', 'machinery', 'hertfordshire', 'area', 'contact', 'adam', 'morgan', 'today', 'quote', 'ref', 'view', 'latest', 'jobs', 'today', 'www', 'jamrecruitment', 'follow', 'facebook', 'twitter', 'linkedin', 'jam', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'view', 'latest', 'jobs', 'today', 'www', 'jamrecruitment', 'follow', 'facebook', 'twitter', 'linkedin', 'jam', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency']" Engineering
"Title: Optometrist
Webindex: 71402478
Company: Prospect Health
Description: Find ****’s of vacancies like this on the sectors only free dedicated iPhone and Android application. iPhone http://tinyurl.com/AppleOptometry Android http://tinyurl.com/AndroidOptometryapp As registered and fully qualified opticians this allows our client to offer the following services:  Expert and professional advice  The ability to adapt a prescription to customer needs  Style and frame fitting recommendations  Dispensing to children, partially sighted and registered blind  Low Vision correction  Contact lens dispensing Along with their professional expertise, they also pride themselves on having the latest designer and nondesigner brands to ensure that we can offer you the perfect pair of glasses or sunglasses. They know that their customers expect quality and style, which is why they carefully select the brands and frames to ensure that their collections offer everything a patient wants from their eyewear requirements. COMPANY Prospect Health’s Optical Division is currently working on behalf of a successful Medium sized independent Group who are looking to recruit a high calibre optometrist to work 5 days a week. Our client is a forward thinking independent firm constantly striving for excellence. There is a true clinical focus and our client offers a number of services to its patients. Having been established for many years this company has developed a loyal patient base providing a high quality service at all times. PRACTICE These practices are regularly updated and benefits from modern layouts with the latest equipment. Each practice has a large frame display area with an excellent selection available to patients as well as the option to order bespoke frames if needed. The level of equipment is superb including the latest automated equipment and the practices are all easily commuted to by road or by train/public transport. Our client constantly invests in the latest equipment in order to provide the most thorough service possible to each of its patients. You would be backed up by a superb professional team with many years’ experience including other optometrists and qualified dispensing opticians. ROLE This is a superb 5 day a week role in which you would be given every opportunity to develop your clinical skills with a full training and development given at all times. This is a highly clinical environment where patient care is always the number one priority and you can concentrate on delivering superb service levels. The role is Full Time  **** hours per week including Saturdays The candidate should be commercially aware and enjoy working as part of small team. You are required to be fully qualified and GOC registered. TRAINING & DEVELOPMENT Our client invests heavily in the training and development of the professional team. Your training needs will be regularly assessed and any areas that you feel you would like to further improve will be fully supported. Equally if there are any specialist areas you feel would benefit the business you have the opportunity to bring this to the director and implement any areas that are beneficial to the business. REMUNERATION & BENEFITS PACKAGE You can expect a very competitive salary which rewards high performance and those who exceed the expectations placed upon them. SUMMARY In summary this is a fantastic opportunity to join a forward thinking independent practice where your skills and effort will be truly appreciated. You would be given tremendous support from the directors and have the opportunity to work with other qualified professionals. This clinically focussed independent company offers an exciting, challenging opportunity for a high calibre Optometrist. WHAT HAPPENS NEXT? To apply for this position you must be registered with the GOC either as a Student Optometrist or a fully qualified Optometrist and possess the right to work in the United Kingdom. To talk to us in confidence about this opportunity and any other suitable positions please contact a member of the Optometry division on **** **** (Office hours Mon  Thurs ****:30am  ****:30pm & Friday ****:30am  5:30pm) Find more vacancies like this on our free iPhone & Android application iPhone http://tinyurl.com/AppleOptometry Android http://tinyurl.com/AndroidOptometryapp Apply" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00481.txt " Optometrist" " 71402478" " Prospect Health" " Find ****’s of vacancies like this on the sectors only free dedicated iPhone and Android application. iPhone http://tinyurl.com/AppleOptometry Android http://tinyurl.com/AndroidOptometryapp As registered and fully qualified opticians this allows our client to offer the following services:  Expert and professional advice  The ability to adapt a prescription to customer needs  Style and frame fitting recommendations  Dispensing to children, partially sighted and registered blind  Low Vision correction  Contact lens dispensing Along with their professional expertise, they also pride themselves on having the latest designer and nondesigner brands to ensure that we can offer you the perfect pair of glasses or sunglasses. They know that their customers expect quality and style, which is why they carefully select the brands and frames to ensure that their collections offer everything a patient wants from their eyewear requirements. COMPANY Prospect Health’s Optical Division is currently working on behalf of a successful Medium sized independent Group who are looking to recruit a high calibre optometrist to work 5 days a week. Our client is a forward thinking independent firm constantly striving for excellence. There is a true clinical focus and our client offers a number of services to its patients. Having been established for many years this company has developed a loyal patient base providing a high quality service at all times. PRACTICE These practices are regularly updated and benefits from modern layouts with the latest equipment. Each practice has a large frame display area with an excellent selection available to patients as well as the option to order bespoke frames if needed. The level of equipment is superb including the latest automated equipment and the practices are all easily commuted to by road or by train/public transport. Our client constantly invests in the latest equipment in order to provide the most thorough service possible to each of its patients. You would be backed up by a superb professional team with many years’ experience including other optometrists and qualified dispensing opticians. ROLE This is a superb 5 day a week role in which you would be given every opportunity to develop your clinical skills with a full training and development given at all times. This is a highly clinical environment where patient care is always the number one priority and you can concentrate on delivering superb service levels. The role is Full Time  **** hours per week including Saturdays The candidate should be commercially aware and enjoy working as part of small team. You are required to be fully qualified and GOC registered. TRAINING & DEVELOPMENT Our client invests heavily in the training and development of the professional team. Your training needs will be regularly assessed and any areas that you feel you would like to further improve will be fully supported. Equally if there are any specialist areas you feel would benefit the business you have the opportunity to bring this to the director and implement any areas that are beneficial to the business. REMUNERATION & BENEFITS PACKAGE You can expect a very competitive salary which rewards high performance and those who exceed the expectations placed upon them. SUMMARY In summary this is a fantastic opportunity to join a forward thinking independent practice where your skills and effort will be truly appreciated. You would be given tremendous support from the directors and have the opportunity to work with other qualified professionals. This clinically focussed independent company offers an exciting, challenging opportunity for a high calibre Optometrist. WHAT HAPPENS NEXT? To apply for this position you must be registered with the GOC either as a Student Optometrist or a fully qualified Optometrist and possess the right to work in the United Kingdom. To talk to us in confidence about this opportunity and any other suitable positions please contact a member of the Optometry division on **** **** (Office hours Mon  Thurs ****:30am  ****:30pm & Friday ****:30am  5:30pm) Find more vacancies like this on our free iPhone & Android application iPhone http://tinyurl.com/AppleOptometry Android http://tinyurl.com/AndroidOptometryapp Apply" "['find', 'vacancies', 'sectors', 'free', 'dedicated', 'iphone', 'android', 'application', 'iphone', 'http', 'tinyurl', 'appleoptometry', 'android', 'http', 'tinyurl', 'androidoptometryapp', 'registered', 'fully', 'qualified', 'opticians', 'offer', 'expert', 'professional', 'advice', 'adapt', 'prescription', 'style', 'frame', 'fitting', 'recommendations', 'dispensing', 'children', 'registered', 'blind', 'low', 'vision', 'correction', 'contact', 'lens', 'dispensing', 'professional', 'expertise', 'pride', 'latest', 'designer', 'nondesigner', 'brands', 'offer', 'perfect', 'glasses', 'sunglasses', 'customers', 'expect', 'quality', 'style', 'carefully', 'select', 'brands', 'frames', 'collections', 'offer', 'patient', 'eyewear', 'requirements', 'prospect', 'health', 'optical', 'division', 'behalf', 'medium', 'sized', 'independent', 'group', 'recruit', 'calibre', 'optometrist', 'days', 'week', 'forward', 'thinking', 'independent', 'firm', 'constantly', 'striving', 'excellence', 'true', 'clinical', 'focus', 'offers', 'number', 'patients', 'established', 'years', 'developed', 'loyal', 'patient', 'base', 'providing', 'quality', 'times', 'practice', 'practices', 'regularly', 'updated', 'benefits', 'modern', 'layouts', 'latest', 'equipment', 'practice', 'large', 'frame', 'display', 'area', 'selection', 'patients', 'option', 'order', 'bespoke', 'frames', 'needed', 'level', 'equipment', 'superb', 'latest', 'automated', 'equipment', 'practices', 'easily', 'road', 'train', 'public', 'transport', 'constantly', 'invests', 'latest', 'equipment', 'order', 'patients', 'backed', 'superb', 'professional', 'years', 'optometrists', 'qualified', 'dispensing', 'opticians', 'superb', 'day', 'week', 'develop', 'clinical', 'times', 'highly', 'clinical', 'environment', 'patient', 'number', 'priority', 'concentrate', 'delivering', 'superb', 'levels', 'time', 'hours', 'week', 'saturdays', 'commercially', 'aware', 'enjoy', 'part', 'small', 'fully', 'qualified', 'goc', 'registered', 'invests', 'heavily', 'professional', 'regularly', 'assessed', 'areas', 'feel', 'improve', 'fully', 'supported', 'equally', 'specialist', 'areas', 'feel', 'benefit', 'bring', 'director', 'implement', 'areas', 'beneficial', 'remuneration', 'benefits', 'package', 'expect', 'competitive', 'rewards', 'performance', 'exceed', 'expectations', 'summary', 'summary', 'fantastic', 'forward', 'thinking', 'independent', 'practice', 'effort', 'tremendous', 'directors', 'qualified', 'professionals', 'clinically', 'focussed', 'independent', 'offers', 'exciting', 'challenging', 'calibre', 'optometrist', 'registered', 'goc', 'student', 'optometrist', 'fully', 'qualified', 'optometrist', 'possess', 'united', 'kingdom', 'talk', 'confidence', 'suitable', 'positions', 'contact', 'member', 'optometry', 'division', 'office', 'hours', 'mon', 'thurs', 'pm', 'friday', 'pm', 'find', 'vacancies', 'free', 'iphone', 'android', 'application', 'iphone', 'http', 'tinyurl', 'appleoptometry', 'android', 'http', 'tinyurl', 'androidoptometryapp']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Care Assistants Basingstoke Immediate Start
Webindex: 60685363
Description: We are a successful national company looking for reliable and friendly people to join our successful homecare teams in Basingstoke and the surrounding areas. The job involves looking after elderly and disabled people in their own homes, assisting them with personal care, cleaning, shopping etc. The working hours are from 7am2pm and/ or evenings, including one weekend day or alternate weekends. We provide excellent training so experience is not essential but you must have a genuine interest in caring for vulnerable people. The ideal candidate should:  Be caring, flexible and reliable.  Have your own car or motorbike  Have a good level of English speaking/understanding.  Be able to work weekends  Be able to start work at 7am  Have excellent people skills and be well presented  Have a good command of both written and spoken English We offer very competitive rates of pay for successful candidates, plus paid mileage allowance. In return you will get to work for a friendly business which will value you and invest in your training and development to help you achieve your career potential. Please apply today for more information and to arrange an interview." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00499.txt " Care Assistants Basingstoke Immediate Start" " 60685363"  " We are a successful national company looking for reliable and friendly people to join our successful homecare teams in Basingstoke and the surrounding areas. The job involves looking after elderly and disabled people in their own homes, assisting them with personal care, cleaning, shopping etc. The working hours are from 7am2pm and/ or evenings, including one weekend day or alternate weekends. We provide excellent training so experience is not essential but you must have a genuine interest in caring for vulnerable people. The ideal candidate should:  Be caring, flexible and reliable.  Have your own car or motorbike  Have a good level of English speaking/understanding.  Be able to work weekends  Be able to start work at 7am  Have excellent people skills and be well presented  Have a good command of both written and spoken English We offer very competitive rates of pay for successful candidates, plus paid mileage allowance. In return you will get to work for a friendly business which will value you and invest in your training and development to help you achieve your career potential. Please apply today for more information and to arrange an interview." "['national', 'reliable', 'friendly', 'people', 'homecare', 'teams', 'basingstoke', 'surrounding', 'areas', 'involves', 'elderly', 'disabled', 'people', 'homes', 'assisting', 'personal', 'cleaning', 'shopping', 'hours', 'pm', 'evenings', 'weekend', 'day', 'alternate', 'weekends', 'essential', 'genuine', 'interest', 'caring', 'vulnerable', 'people', 'ideal', 'caring', 'flexible', 'reliable', 'car', 'level', 'english', 'speaking', 'understanding', 'weekends', 'start', 'people', 'presented', 'command', 'written', 'spoken', 'english', 'offer', 'competitive', 'rates', 'pay', 'candidates', 'paid', 'mileage', 'allowance', 'return', 'friendly', 'invest', 'achieve', 'career', 'potential', 'today', 'information', 'arrange', 'interview']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Lettings Manager
Webindex: 68686791
Company: AMR   Home Counties North
Description: My client is a professional and forward thinking Estate Agency in Hertfordshire who have an unrivaled reputation. They currently have a fantastic opportunity for an Experienced Lettings Manager to take over the management of this Department. The right candidate will have at least 3 years Lettings experience, will be motivated and have the ability to progress the branch as well as having experience in managing staff. You will also need to have good IT skills and be able to motivate yourself and the staff around you. This position comes with a competitive basis salary, plus commission. OTE ****k To be considered for this role call Warren Gordon on **** **** or email your CV to warren.gordonamrgroup.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LettingsManager_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00677.txt " Lettings Manager" " 68686791" " AMR   Home Counties North" " My client is a professional and forward thinking Estate Agency in Hertfordshire who have an unrivaled reputation. They currently have a fantastic opportunity for an Experienced Lettings Manager to take over the management of this Department. The right candidate will have at least 3 years Lettings experience, will be motivated and have the ability to progress the branch as well as having experience in managing staff. You will also need to have good IT skills and be able to motivate yourself and the staff around you. This position comes with a competitive basis salary, plus commission. OTE ****k To be considered for this role call Warren Gordon on **** **** or email your CV to warren.gordonamrgroup.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LettingsManager_job****" "['professional', 'forward', 'thinking', 'estate', 'agency', 'hertfordshire', 'reputation', 'fantastic', 'experienced', 'lettings', 'department', 'years', 'lettings', 'motivated', 'progress', 'branch', 'managing', 'motivate', 'competitive', 'basis', 'commission', 'ote', 'considered', 'call', 'warren', 'email', 'cv', 'warren', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Technical Support/Product Design Engineer
Webindex: 69083137
Company: Automation Experts
Description: Technical Support/Product Design Engineer Reference: SE15958 Location: Essex Salary: ****k Technical Support/Mechancial Product Design Engineer urgently required to assist the Engineering Manager in the development of new and exisiting products from concept to implementation for a global leading company in the design and manufacture of specialist metal products. Your duties will include: With the Engineering Manager, liaise with customers/sales to establish product design and application briefs Assist in researching similar product designs or applications Liaise with Material Manufacturers or suppliers and internal toolmakers Assist in the development and design concepts and preproduction models Conduct tests to identify that models are fit for purpose and that they can be efficiently manufactured Develop and maintain detailed manufacturing drawings Assist in investigating improvements in the design or engineering capability of existing products Confer with other Engineers, production and other personnel to implement and maintain operating procedures, resolve system malfunctions and provide technical information Investigate technical issues with regard to customer complaints Assist production in the development of improved manufacturing methods with regards to plant, tooling and associated equipment Carry out product training to Sales force when required Assist in production of sales literature using appropriate computer software Liaise with test houses regarding product testing To be considered for this role, you will be proficient in ****D CAD modelling and SolidWorks with good mechanical aptitude and knowledge. Please note you must also be flexible for occassional overnight stays and customer visits. If you are selfmotivated with strong verbal and written communication skills and would like more information, please contact Sarah Evans on **** **** (Apply online only) or (Apply online only) for further information. Alternatively, email a copy of your current CV quoting the above reference number. This role is based in Essex and is commutable from Colchester, Harwich and ClactonOnSea. A full list of live vacancies can be found on our website (url removed) Looking for a job involved with maintenance, service or design for automated machinery, control systems, process control solutions or systems integration projects? Register your details on our website where you will find a full list of live positions where a customised automated search process allows immediate access to new vacancies as they are registered. Free, confidential service. All respondents to this position must be eligible to live and work in the UK  Automation Experts are unable to assist with the award of Visas or UK Work Permits. As a registered engineer, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme where you will receive **** tax free for every engineer we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Automation Experts offer recruitment services on a contract and permanent basis; We support many of the leading companies throughout the UK. For a confidential discussion with an experienced consultant, please do not hesitate to telephone (Apply online only)" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00215.txt " Technical Support/Product Design Engineer" " 69083137" " Automation Experts" " Technical Support/Product Design Engineer Reference: SE15958 Location: Essex Salary: ****k Technical Support/Mechancial Product Design Engineer urgently required to assist the Engineering Manager in the development of new and exisiting products from concept to implementation for a global leading company in the design and manufacture of specialist metal products. Your duties will include: With the Engineering Manager, liaise with customers/sales to establish product design and application briefs Assist in researching similar product designs or applications Liaise with Material Manufacturers or suppliers and internal toolmakers Assist in the development and design concepts and preproduction models Conduct tests to identify that models are fit for purpose and that they can be efficiently manufactured Develop and maintain detailed manufacturing drawings Assist in investigating improvements in the design or engineering capability of existing products Confer with other Engineers, production and other personnel to implement and maintain operating procedures, resolve system malfunctions and provide technical information Investigate technical issues with regard to customer complaints Assist production in the development of improved manufacturing methods with regards to plant, tooling and associated equipment Carry out product training to Sales force when required Assist in production of sales literature using appropriate computer software Liaise with test houses regarding product testing To be considered for this role, you will be proficient in ****D CAD modelling and SolidWorks with good mechanical aptitude and knowledge. Please note you must also be flexible for occassional overnight stays and customer visits. If you are selfmotivated with strong verbal and written communication skills and would like more information, please contact Sarah Evans on **** **** (Apply online only) or (Apply online only) for further information. Alternatively, email a copy of your current CV quoting the above reference number. This role is based in Essex and is commutable from Colchester, Harwich and ClactonOnSea. A full list of live vacancies can be found on our website (url removed) Looking for a job involved with maintenance, service or design for automated machinery, control systems, process control solutions or systems integration projects? Register your details on our website where you will find a full list of live positions where a customised automated search process allows immediate access to new vacancies as they are registered. Free, confidential service. All respondents to this position must be eligible to live and work in the UK  Automation Experts are unable to assist with the award of Visas or UK Work Permits. As a registered engineer, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme where you will receive **** tax free for every engineer we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Automation Experts offer recruitment services on a contract and permanent basis; We support many of the leading companies throughout the UK. For a confidential discussion with an experienced consultant, please do not hesitate to telephone (Apply online only)" "['technical', 'product', 'reference', 'se', 'location', 'essex', 'technical', 'product', 'urgently', 'assist', 'products', 'concept', 'implementation', 'global', 'manufacture', 'specialist', 'metal', 'products', 'duties', 'include', 'liaise', 'customers', 'establish', 'product', 'application', 'briefs', 'assist', 'researching', 'similar', 'product', 'designs', 'applications', 'liaise', 'material', 'manufacturers', 'suppliers', 'internal', 'toolmakers', 'assist', 'concepts', 'preproduction', 'models', 'conduct', 'tests', 'identify', 'models', 'fit', 'purpose', 'efficiently', 'manufactured', 'develop', 'maintain', 'detailed', 'manufacturing', 'drawings', 'assist', 'investigating', 'improvements', 'capability', 'existing', 'products', 'engineers', 'production', 'personnel', 'implement', 'maintain', 'operating', 'procedures', 'resolve', 'system', 'technical', 'information', 'investigate', 'technical', 'issues', 'regard', 'complaints', 'assist', 'production', 'improved', 'manufacturing', 'methods', 'plant', 'tooling', 'equipment', 'carry', 'product', 'force', 'assist', 'production', 'literature', 'computer', 'software', 'liaise', 'test', 'houses', 'product', 'testing', 'considered', 'proficient', 'cad', 'modelling', 'solidworks', 'mechanical', 'aptitude', 'note', 'flexible', 'overnight', 'visits', 'selfmotivated', 'verbal', 'written', 'communication', 'information', 'contact', 'sarah', 'online', 'online', 'information', 'alternatively', 'email', 'copy', 'current', 'cv', 'quoting', 'reference', 'number', 'essex', 'commutable', 'colchester', 'list', 'live', 'vacancies', 'found', 'website', 'url', 'removed', 'involved', 'maintenance', 'automated', 'machinery', 'control', 'process', 'control', 'solutions', 'integration', 'projects', 'register', 'details', 'website', 'find', 'list', 'live', 'positions', 'customised', 'automated', 'search', 'process', 'access', 'vacancies', 'registered', 'free', 'confidential', 'respondents', 'eligible', 'live', 'automation', 'experts', 'unable', 'assist', 'award', 'visas', 'permits', 'registered', 'automatically', 'eligible', 'referral', 'scheme', 'receive', 'tax', 'free', 'place', 'permanent', 'employment', 'recommended', 'automation', 'experts', 'offer', 'contract', 'permanent', 'basis', 'companies', 'confidential', 'discussion', 'experienced', 'consultant', 'hesitate', 'telephone', 'online']" Engineering
"Title: Senior RGN
Webindex: 72118191
Company: Sammons Group
Description: Senior RGN  required for our charitable client to assist the Home Manager and to manage a team of nurses. The successful candidate will demonstrate managerial skills along with strong clinical skills. RGN qualified. Nursing home environment. **** hour contract. 5 weeks holiday bank holsbenefits. **** Bexhill, East Sussex.  All qualified applicants with current entitlement to work in theUK(including for example HSMP visas) are welcome. We regret we are unable to seek work permits on behalf of candidates, which means that applicants requiring work permits unfortunately will not be considered. We endeavour to reply to all applications, however, if you haven t heard from us within 7 days, you have been unsuccessful with this particular role. You are very welcome to apply to future advertisements placed by The Sammons Group. The Sammons Group is an Employment Business and Employment Agency as defined by the EAA Regulations **** and we abide by the Code of Practice of our industry body (the Recruitment & Employment Confederation  REC). We are committed to supporting and promoting diversity in the workplace, and have achieved the EQuality Assured standard, as endorsed by the Recruitment & Employment Confederation. We welcome applications from candidates regardless of age, belief, disability, ethnic origin/nationality, gender/gender reassignment, marital/civil partnership status, pregnancy/maternity, or sexual orientation  we recruit on the basis of talent" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00578.txt " Senior RGN" " 72118191" " Sammons Group" " Senior RGN  required for our charitable client to assist the Home Manager and to manage a team of nurses. The successful candidate will demonstrate managerial skills along with strong clinical skills. RGN qualified. Nursing home environment. **** hour contract. 5 weeks holiday bank holsbenefits. **** Bexhill, East Sussex.  All qualified applicants with current entitlement to work in theUK(including for example HSMP visas) are welcome. We regret we are unable to seek work permits on behalf of candidates, which means that applicants requiring work permits unfortunately will not be considered. We endeavour to reply to all applications, however, if you haven t heard from us within 7 days, you have been unsuccessful with this particular role. You are very welcome to apply to future advertisements placed by The Sammons Group. The Sammons Group is an Employment Business and Employment Agency as defined by the EAA Regulations **** and we abide by the Code of Practice of our industry body (the Recruitment & Employment Confederation  REC). We are committed to supporting and promoting diversity in the workplace, and have achieved the EQuality Assured standard, as endorsed by the Recruitment & Employment Confederation. We welcome applications from candidates regardless of age, belief, disability, ethnic origin/nationality, gender/gender reassignment, marital/civil partnership status, pregnancy/maternity, or sexual orientation  we recruit on the basis of talent" "['senior', 'rgn', 'charitable', 'assist', 'manage', 'nurses', 'demonstrate', 'managerial', 'clinical', 'rgn', 'qualified', 'nursing', 'environment', 'hour', 'contract', 'weeks', 'holiday', 'bank', 'bexhill', 'east', 'sussex', 'qualified', 'applicants', 'current', 'entitlement', 'theuk', 'visas', 'regret', 'unable', 'seek', 'permits', 'behalf', 'candidates', 'means', 'applicants', 'requiring', 'permits', 'considered', 'endeavour', 'reply', 'applications', 'haven', 'heard', 'days', 'unsuccessful', 'future', 'sammons', 'group', 'sammons', 'group', 'employment', 'employment', 'agency', 'defined', 'regulations', 'code', 'practice', 'industry', 'body', 'employment', 'confederation', 'rec', 'committed', 'supporting', 'promoting', 'diversity', 'workplace', 'achieved', 'equality', 'assured', 'standard', 'employment', 'confederation', 'applications', 'candidates', 'age', 'belief', 'disability', 'ethnic', 'origin', 'nationality', 'gender', 'gender', 'reassignment', 'marital', 'civil', 'partnership', 'status', 'pregnancy', 'maternity', 'sexual', 'orientation', 'recruit', 'basis', 'talent']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Accounts Assistant  Vauxhall Northampton
Webindex: 71561249
Company: Vertu Motors PLC
Description: The role is to support the Accounts function in all aspects of dealership accounts. This will include banking and allocation of receipts, sales and vehicle ledger, credit control, purchase ledger reconciliation, balance sheet controls and additional adhoc duties. What we`re looking for: We are looking for an enthusiastic, talented individual with a keen eye for detail and flair for accounts. You will be confident, ideally with an accounts background, within the motor industry and preferably with a working knowledge of the Kerridge and Reef systems. You will be competent in the use of Microsoft Excel, ambitious, willing to undertake further training and development and possess a real desire to further your accounting career within the motor industry. We are looking for the following attributes: Attention to Detail Accuracy Numeracy Literacy Excel Organisational Skills What You Can Expect: If you are successful you can look forward to ongoing training opportunities, career progression and a range of benefits you would expect from an employer of choice, including a competitive salary, childcare voucher scheme, colleague purchase scheme, preferential service rates, share incentive plan, vertu rewards and pension scheme. If you are interested in joining the most progressive team in the industry please apply." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00325.txt " Accounts Assistant  Vauxhall Northampton" " 71561249" " Vertu Motors PLC" " The role is to support the Accounts function in all aspects of dealership accounts. This will include banking and allocation of receipts, sales and vehicle ledger, credit control, purchase ledger reconciliation, balance sheet controls and additional adhoc duties. What we`re looking for: We are looking for an enthusiastic, talented individual with a keen eye for detail and flair for accounts. You will be confident, ideally with an accounts background, within the motor industry and preferably with a working knowledge of the Kerridge and Reef systems. You will be competent in the use of Microsoft Excel, ambitious, willing to undertake further training and development and possess a real desire to further your accounting career within the motor industry. We are looking for the following attributes: Attention to Detail Accuracy Numeracy Literacy Excel Organisational Skills What You Can Expect: If you are successful you can look forward to ongoing training opportunities, career progression and a range of benefits you would expect from an employer of choice, including a competitive salary, childcare voucher scheme, colleague purchase scheme, preferential service rates, share incentive plan, vertu rewards and pension scheme. If you are interested in joining the most progressive team in the industry please apply." "['accounts', 'function', 'aspects', 'dealership', 'accounts', 'include', 'banking', 'allocation', 'receipts', 'vehicle', 'ledger', 'credit', 'control', 'purchase', 'ledger', 'reconciliation', 'balance', 'sheet', 'controls', 'additional', 'adhoc', 'duties', 'enthusiastic', 'talented', 'individual', 'keen', 'eye', 'detail', 'flair', 'accounts', 'confident', 'ideally', 'accounts', 'background', 'motor', 'industry', 'preferably', 'kerridge', 'competent', 'microsoft', 'excel', 'ambitious', 'undertake', 'possess', 'real', 'desire', 'accounting', 'career', 'motor', 'industry', 'attributes', 'attention', 'detail', 'accuracy', 'numeracy', 'literacy', 'excel', 'organisational', 'expect', 'forward', 'ongoing', 'opportunities', 'career', 'progression', 'range', 'benefits', 'expect', 'employer', 'choice', 'competitive', 'childcare', 'voucher', 'scheme', 'colleague', 'purchase', 'scheme', 'preferential', 'rates', 'share', 'incentive', 'plan', 'vertu', 'rewards', 'pension', 'scheme', 'interested', 'joining', 'progressive', 'industry']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Staff Nurse  General  Chertsey
Webindex: 68537277
Company: JP Recruitment
Description: Position – Staff Nurse  GeneralLocation  SurreySalary  upto ****Hours  ****  Permanent, FulltimeMy client is a purpose built, 52 bed, acute care hospital based in Surrey. It offers a wide range of high quality clinical procedures and medical services and there are **** operating theatres.The position is for a Staff Nurse within the General Nursing Department to help maintain the very high standard of patient care. The post is offered on a full time basis and hours will be worked on a flexible shift basis, in line with departmental needs. There is, however, no on call required. The successful applicants will be working in a friendly team environment with responsibility for the assessment, planning, implementation and evaluation of care for an assigned patient caseload. This will be in line with consultant's direction and prescriptions, whilst working within the hospital's policies and procedural guidelines. Other duties will be to proactively assist in all areas of clinical governance, education and development and Health and Safety, and particpate fully in meetings, as required. All applicants must hold a current RGN qualification, and have previous experience in an acute care setting. On a personal level, good communication and interpersonal skills are required, along with an ability to forge effective working relationships with colleagues, patients, consultants and managers alike.Knowledge / Skills / Qualifications: Registered General Nurse Good updated clinical skills Good communication and organisational skills Good theoretical knowledge Evidence of ongoing professional development Previous experience in an acute setting Committed to the provision of a quality service to our patients and consultants Familiar with clinical governance activitiesFor more information please contact Holly Brace at JP Recruit on **** **** or **** **** **** alternatively please submit your CV to hollyjprec.co.uk" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00434.txt " Staff Nurse  General  Chertsey" " 68537277" " JP Recruitment" " Position – Staff Nurse  GeneralLocation  SurreySalary  upto ****Hours  ****  Permanent, FulltimeMy client is a purpose built, 52 bed, acute care hospital based in Surrey. It offers a wide range of high quality clinical procedures and medical services and there are **** operating theatres.The position is for a Staff Nurse within the General Nursing Department to help maintain the very high standard of patient care. The post is offered on a full time basis and hours will be worked on a flexible shift basis, in line with departmental needs. There is, however, no on call required. The successful applicants will be working in a friendly team environment with responsibility for the assessment, planning, implementation and evaluation of care for an assigned patient caseload. This will be in line with consultant's direction and prescriptions, whilst working within the hospital's policies and procedural guidelines. Other duties will be to proactively assist in all areas of clinical governance, education and development and Health and Safety, and particpate fully in meetings, as required. All applicants must hold a current RGN qualification, and have previous experience in an acute care setting. On a personal level, good communication and interpersonal skills are required, along with an ability to forge effective working relationships with colleagues, patients, consultants and managers alike.Knowledge / Skills / Qualifications: Registered General Nurse Good updated clinical skills Good communication and organisational skills Good theoretical knowledge Evidence of ongoing professional development Previous experience in an acute setting Committed to the provision of a quality service to our patients and consultants Familiar with clinical governance activitiesFor more information please contact Holly Brace at JP Recruit on **** **** or **** **** **** alternatively please submit your CV to hollyjprec.co.uk" "['nurse', 'upto', 'hours', 'permanent', 'purpose', 'built', 'bed', 'acute', 'hospital', 'surrey', 'offers', 'wide', 'range', 'quality', 'clinical', 'procedures', 'medical', 'operating', 'theatres', 'nurse', 'general', 'nursing', 'department', 'maintain', 'standard', 'patient', 'post', 'offered', 'time', 'basis', 'hours', 'worked', 'flexible', 'shift', 'basis', 'line', 'departmental', 'call', 'applicants', 'friendly', 'environment', 'responsibility', 'assessment', 'planning', 'implementation', 'evaluation', 'assigned', 'patient', 'caseload', 'line', 'direction', 'whilst', 'policies', 'procedural', 'guidelines', 'duties', 'proactively', 'assist', 'areas', 'clinical', 'governance', 'education', 'health', 'safety', 'fully', 'meetings', 'applicants', 'hold', 'current', 'rgn', 'qualification', 'previous', 'acute', 'setting', 'personal', 'level', 'communication', 'interpersonal', 'forge', 'effective', 'relationships', 'colleagues', 'patients', 'consultants', 'managers', 'alike', 'qualifications', 'registered', 'general', 'nurse', 'updated', 'clinical', 'communication', 'organisational', 'theoretical', 'evidence', 'ongoing', 'professional', 'previous', 'acute', 'setting', 'committed', 'provision', 'quality', 'patients', 'consultants', 'familiar', 'clinical', 'governance', 'information', 'contact', 'holly', 'brace', 'jp', 'recruit', 'alternatively', 'submit', 'cv', 'hollyjprec']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Support Accountant
Webindex: 68699701
Company: Page Personnel Finance
Description: The role will include a number of key responsibilities including: Month end preparation and reporting of the management accounts Period end duties and audit preparation Budgeting, forecasting and variance analysis with commentary Balance sheet reconciliations Cash flow forecasting Liaison with business units in the European region Ad hoc accounting projects and administration The successful candidate will have previous commercial exposure in management accounting, reporting, forecasting and reconciliation work.You will also need to possess exceptional communication skills in English and in either Dutch or Flemish, both written and verbal with the ability to present financial data to senior management with commentary in a structured manner.You will also need to be either part qualified in ACCA or CIMA, or QBE in order to have the right skill set for my client. The PQE identified on this advertisement is a guide only and does not preclude applications from those with more or less PQE. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. My client is a large commercial and highly successful business based in Leicestershire who have an immediate requirement to strengthen their team by bringing in a part qualified Accountant on a permanent basis. This position will be responsible for the management accounts for a European subsidiary in Belgium. This will require you to have strong Dutch or Flemish language skills in order to communicate effectively with the relevant contacts. Excellent career development, study support, car parking, commercial accounting exposure Your application will be reviewed by Page Personnel. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Page Personnel is a leading UK recruitment consultancy This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SupportAccountant_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00315.txt " Support Accountant" " 68699701" " Page Personnel Finance" " The role will include a number of key responsibilities including: Month end preparation and reporting of the management accounts Period end duties and audit preparation Budgeting, forecasting and variance analysis with commentary Balance sheet reconciliations Cash flow forecasting Liaison with business units in the European region Ad hoc accounting projects and administration The successful candidate will have previous commercial exposure in management accounting, reporting, forecasting and reconciliation work.You will also need to possess exceptional communication skills in English and in either Dutch or Flemish, both written and verbal with the ability to present financial data to senior management with commentary in a structured manner.You will also need to be either part qualified in ACCA or CIMA, or QBE in order to have the right skill set for my client. The PQE identified on this advertisement is a guide only and does not preclude applications from those with more or less PQE. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. My client is a large commercial and highly successful business based in Leicestershire who have an immediate requirement to strengthen their team by bringing in a part qualified Accountant on a permanent basis. This position will be responsible for the management accounts for a European subsidiary in Belgium. This will require you to have strong Dutch or Flemish language skills in order to communicate effectively with the relevant contacts. Excellent career development, study support, car parking, commercial accounting exposure Your application will be reviewed by Page Personnel. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Page Personnel is a leading UK recruitment consultancy This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SupportAccountant_job****" "['include', 'number', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'month', 'end', 'preparation', 'reporting', 'accounts', 'period', 'end', 'duties', 'audit', 'preparation', 'budgeting', 'forecasting', 'variance', 'analysis', 'commentary', 'balance', 'sheet', 'reconciliations', 'cash', 'flow', 'forecasting', 'liaison', 'units', 'european', 'region', 'ad', 'hoc', 'accounting', 'projects', 'administration', 'previous', 'commercial', 'exposure', 'accounting', 'reporting', 'forecasting', 'reconciliation', 'possess', 'exceptional', 'communication', 'english', 'dutch', 'flemish', 'written', 'verbal', 'present', 'data', 'senior', 'commentary', 'structured', 'manner', 'part', 'qualified', 'acca', 'cima', 'qbe', 'order', 'skill', 'set', 'pqe', 'identified', 'advertisement', 'guide', 'preclude', 'applications', 'pqe', 'specific', 'qualifications', 'account', 'overseas', 'equivalents', 'large', 'commercial', 'highly', 'leicestershire', 'requirement', 'strengthen', 'bringing', 'part', 'qualified', 'accountant', 'permanent', 'basis', 'responsible', 'accounts', 'european', 'subsidiary', 'require', 'dutch', 'flemish', 'language', 'order', 'communicate', 'effectively', 'relevant', 'contacts', 'career', 'study', 'car', 'parking', 'commercial', 'accounting', 'exposure', 'application', 'reviewed', 'page', 'personnel', 'aware', 'receive', 'volume', 'applications', 'advertised', 'regularly', 'receive', 'applications', 'candidates', 'exceed', 'credentials', 'contact', 'days', 'selected', 'interview', 'page', 'personnel', 'consultancy', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Car Van Sales Executive
Webindex: 67970848
Company: Vision Recruitment and Development Ltd
Description: Job Title: Business Centre Car Van Sales Executive Location: Derby Salary: ****k (OTE ****k) Based at our clients Derby Dealership, your brief will be to identify and develop new business opportunities within a designated area. To be successful in this role you will need to be self motivated with excellent communication, interpersonal and organisation skills, together with the capability to generate leads both face to face and through all other communication and marketing systems. You should also possess a full clean driving licence." 3 data/Sales\Job_00656.txt " Car Van Sales Executive" " 67970848" " Vision Recruitment and Development Ltd" " Job Title: Business Centre Car Van Sales Executive Location: Derby Salary: ****k (OTE ****k) Based at our clients Derby Dealership, your brief will be to identify and develop new business opportunities within a designated area. To be successful in this role you will need to be self motivated with excellent communication, interpersonal and organisation skills, together with the capability to generate leads both face to face and through all other communication and marketing systems. You should also possess a full clean driving licence." "['title', 'centre', 'car', 'van', 'executive', 'location', 'derby', 'ote', 'derby', 'dealership', 'identify', 'develop', 'opportunities', 'designated', 'area', 'motivated', 'communication', 'interpersonal', 'organisation', 'capability', 'generate', 'leads', 'face', 'face', 'communication', 'marketing', 'possess', 'clean', 'driving', 'licence']" Sales
"Title: Part time porter
Webindex: 70599043
Company: National Health
Description: Porter , part time hours , 3pm until 8pm Monday to Friday. Duties to include fetching and moving trollies , all applicants must have a CRB Check and be physically fit as alot of walking duties . Smart appearance and flexible with hours essential." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00602.txt " Part time porter" " 70599043" " National Health" " Porter , part time hours , 3pm until 8pm Monday to Friday. Duties to include fetching and moving trollies , all applicants must have a CRB Check and be physically fit as alot of walking duties . Smart appearance and flexible with hours essential." "['part', 'time', 'hours', 'pm', 'pm', 'monday', 'friday', 'duties', 'include', 'moving', 'applicants', 'crb', 'check', 'physically', 'fit', 'duties', 'smart', 'appearance', 'flexible', 'hours', 'essential']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Mechanical Design Engineer  J****
Webindex: 68238154
Company: Bulldog Engineering Recruitment
Description: Reports To: Project Leader/Projects Manager. Manages/Supervises: Mechanical Assembler. Skills Required: Proven knowledge of design principles, standards and regulations. Experience in the use of Solidworks. Main Tasks/Primary Duties: Responsible for the mechanical aspects of design. Implementing design schemes specified for the project. Input into the Functional Specification and System Design Specifications as required. Production of General Assemblies. Assist with the content of other project documentation as required. Production of parts drawings. Gathering and documenting data for design studies by means of research experimentation. Performing and documenting design calculations. Taking part in Design Reviews as required to review ideas and schemes from other engineers including checking of GAs and parts drawings. Working within the QMS. Pneumatics control systems experience very useful." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00224.txt " Mechanical Design Engineer  J****" " 68238154" " Bulldog Engineering Recruitment" " Reports To: Project Leader/Projects Manager. Manages/Supervises: Mechanical Assembler. Skills Required: Proven knowledge of design principles, standards and regulations. Experience in the use of Solidworks. Main Tasks/Primary Duties: Responsible for the mechanical aspects of design. Implementing design schemes specified for the project. Input into the Functional Specification and System Design Specifications as required. Production of General Assemblies. Assist with the content of other project documentation as required. Production of parts drawings. Gathering and documenting data for design studies by means of research experimentation. Performing and documenting design calculations. Taking part in Design Reviews as required to review ideas and schemes from other engineers including checking of GAs and parts drawings. Working within the QMS. Pneumatics control systems experience very useful." "['reports', 'project', 'leader', 'projects', 'manages', 'mechanical', 'assembler', 'proven', 'principles', 'standards', 'regulations', 'solidworks', 'main', 'tasks', 'primary', 'duties', 'responsible', 'mechanical', 'aspects', 'implementing', 'schemes', 'project', 'input', 'functional', 'specification', 'system', 'specifications', 'production', 'general', 'assemblies', 'assist', 'content', 'project', 'documentation', 'production', 'parts', 'drawings', 'gathering', 'documenting', 'data', 'studies', 'means', 'research', 'performing', 'documenting', 'calculations', 'taking', 'part', 'reviews', 'review', 'ideas', 'schemes', 'engineers', 'checking', 'gas', 'parts', 'drawings', 'pneumatics', 'control']" Engineering
"Title: Substance Misuse Nurse  Preston
Webindex: 70016465
Company: Morgan Hunt
Description: Morgan Hunt's client, a leading Drug and Alcohol Service based in the North West is currently looking to recruit a Substance Misuse Nurse who will be contributing to establish and ongoing provision of a range of detox and substance misuse services within the North West area. The successful candidate will seek to reduce the harm to individuals of excessive or inappropriate alcohol and/or other drug use. The successful candidate for the role of an Substance Misuse Nurse should have the following: •RMN/RGN qualification and update to PIN •Minimum 1 years experience in a similar post •Experience of working with vulnerable adults •Knowledge and understanding of substance misuse and treatments •Good Communication skills •An enhanced CRB disclosure issued within the last 12 months Key responsibilities include: •Carrying out initial and ongoing assessments of clients •Care planning •Managing a caseload •Delivering a range of interventions •Administration of prescribed medication •Referrals to other agencies •Maintain and update records. If you feel you meet the above criteria please apply now. Morgan Hunt is a multi award winning Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment and acts as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. Morgan Hunt is an equal opportunities employer." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00567.txt " Substance Misuse Nurse  Preston" " 70016465" " Morgan Hunt" " Morgan Hunt's client, a leading Drug and Alcohol Service based in the North West is currently looking to recruit a Substance Misuse Nurse who will be contributing to establish and ongoing provision of a range of detox and substance misuse services within the North West area. The successful candidate will seek to reduce the harm to individuals of excessive or inappropriate alcohol and/or other drug use. The successful candidate for the role of an Substance Misuse Nurse should have the following: •RMN/RGN qualification and update to PIN •Minimum 1 years experience in a similar post •Experience of working with vulnerable adults •Knowledge and understanding of substance misuse and treatments •Good Communication skills •An enhanced CRB disclosure issued within the last 12 months Key responsibilities include: •Carrying out initial and ongoing assessments of clients •Care planning •Managing a caseload •Delivering a range of interventions •Administration of prescribed medication •Referrals to other agencies •Maintain and update records. If you feel you meet the above criteria please apply now. Morgan Hunt is a multi award winning Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment and acts as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. Morgan Hunt is an equal opportunities employer." "['morgan', 'drug', 'alcohol', 'north', 'west', 'recruit', 'substance', 'misuse', 'nurse', 'contributing', 'establish', 'ongoing', 'provision', 'range', 'substance', 'misuse', 'north', 'west', 'area', 'seek', 'reduce', 'individuals', 'alcohol', 'drug', 'substance', 'misuse', 'nurse', 'rmn', 'rgn', 'qualification', 'update', 'pin', 'minimum', 'years', 'similar', 'post', 'vulnerable', 'adults', 'understanding', 'substance', 'misuse', 'treatments', 'communication', 'enhanced', 'crb', 'disclosure', 'issued', 'months', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'carrying', 'initial', 'ongoing', 'assessments', 'planning', 'managing', 'caseload', 'delivering', 'range', 'interventions', 'administration', 'prescribed', 'medication', 'referrals', 'agencies', 'maintain', 'update', 'records', 'feel', 'meet', 'criteria', 'morgan', 'hunt', 'multi', 'award', 'winning', 'employment', 'interim', 'contract', 'temporary', 'acts', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'permanent', 'vacancies', 'morgan', 'hunt', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Agency Healthcare Assistants Ormskirk Burscough Skelmersdale Southport
Webindex: 46627840
Description: Agency Healthcare Assistants Ormskirk Burscough Skelmersdale Standish Southport areas Stocks Hall Homecare and Nursing Agency is a branch of the Stocks Hall Care Homes Ltd group. We are a reputable, long standing trusted company celebrating over 20 years service in the care industry. Stocks Hall promises to listen, and will aim to provide quality, committed and continual improvement. We at Stocks Homecare and Nursing Agency are looking for Health Care Assistants to work with us to cover shifts within our own homes and outside Nursing homes that we supply in the surrounding area. We are looking for individuals who take pride in their work, believe in giving the clients a meaningful life and can work as a team player. You need to have excellent communication skills, be able to display empathy, understanding and comfort to all those we support. Experience in the Care sector is required We are looking initially for applicants to cover nights & weekends. Successful applicants must have a flexible approach to work and have their own transport. Good rates of pay, free uniform and ongoing mandatory training provided. Agency Healthcare Assistants Ormskirk Burscough Skelmersdale Southport" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00565.txt " Agency Healthcare Assistants Ormskirk Burscough Skelmersdale Southport" " 46627840"  " Agency Healthcare Assistants Ormskirk Burscough Skelmersdale Standish Southport areas Stocks Hall Homecare and Nursing Agency is a branch of the Stocks Hall Care Homes Ltd group. We are a reputable, long standing trusted company celebrating over 20 years service in the care industry. Stocks Hall promises to listen, and will aim to provide quality, committed and continual improvement. We at Stocks Homecare and Nursing Agency are looking for Health Care Assistants to work with us to cover shifts within our own homes and outside Nursing homes that we supply in the surrounding area. We are looking for individuals who take pride in their work, believe in giving the clients a meaningful life and can work as a team player. You need to have excellent communication skills, be able to display empathy, understanding and comfort to all those we support. Experience in the Care sector is required We are looking initially for applicants to cover nights & weekends. Successful applicants must have a flexible approach to work and have their own transport. Good rates of pay, free uniform and ongoing mandatory training provided. Agency Healthcare Assistants Ormskirk Burscough Skelmersdale Southport" "['agency', 'healthcare', 'assistants', 'ormskirk', 'burscough', 'skelmersdale', 'southport', 'areas', 'stocks', 'hall', 'homecare', 'nursing', 'agency', 'branch', 'stocks', 'hall', 'homes', 'group', 'reputable', 'long', 'standing', 'trusted', 'celebrating', 'years', 'industry', 'stocks', 'hall', 'promises', 'listen', 'aim', 'quality', 'committed', 'continual', 'improvement', 'stocks', 'homecare', 'nursing', 'agency', 'health', 'assistants', 'cover', 'shifts', 'homes', 'nursing', 'homes', 'supply', 'surrounding', 'area', 'individuals', 'pride', 'giving', 'meaningful', 'life', 'player', 'communication', 'display', 'empathy', 'understanding', 'comfort', 'sector', 'initially', 'applicants', 'cover', 'nights', 'weekends', 'applicants', 'flexible', 'approach', 'transport', 'rates', 'pay', 'free', 'uniform', 'ongoing', 'mandatory', 'provided', 'agency', 'healthcare', 'assistants', 'ormskirk', 'burscough', 'skelmersdale', 'southport']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Recruitment Consultant  Search Select
Webindex: 68784018
Company: Wallace Hind Selection
Description: Personal developmentongoing training support and guidance professional yet fun working atmospherea company committed to qualityrewarded generously for success. These are just some of the things our consultants say they like about working for us. Recruitment Consultant  Search Select At a time when many consultancies are struggling, we have achieved record turnover and profits over the last 3 years and now wish to recruit 2 recruitment specialists to join our expanding operation BASIC: **** to ****  OpenEnded Commission Incentives (realistic 1st year earnings of up to ****)  Company Car  Pension  Health Cover  Share/Equity Partnership (after achievement of targets and qualifying period)  holidays rising **** to 30 days plus statutory LOCATIONS: Northampton. COMMUTABLE LOCATION: Bedford, Milton Keynes, Wellingborough, Daventry, Market Harborough, Towcester. COMPANY PROFILE: ``WHERE EXPERIENCE MATTERS`` We are an independent executive search select recruitment consultancy with a hard earned reputation for successfully recruiting key personnel for major organisations across Europe. Since our inception in **** we have significantly developed our recruitment services to cover a full range of job disciplines and market sectors, sourcing key talent for a diverse range of household names and global brands, from FTSE 100 to Private Equity organisations. ``WHAT WE DO REALLY MAKES A DIFFERENCE`` We consistently exceed expectations by adopting an innovative, resultsfocussed approach, by utilising a range of bespoke recruitment solutions and market intelligence we are able to source and secure the very best candidates. That`s why 81% of our revenue comes from existing clients or organisations that were recommended to use us. To achieve such a high a percentage means we are doing something right Please visit www.wallacehind.com for more details. JOB SPECIFICATION: Recruitment Consultant  Search Select After completing a bespoke training programme through an assigned manager and separate mentors you will be charged with identifying, winning and managing search and select assignments. No monetary targets are set for the first three months, allowing you to settle in and to be trained effectively in our services and process. REQUIREMENTS: Recruitment Consultant  Search Select We are interested in receiving applications from recruitment consultants who have gained at least 18 months experience of selling recruitment services with a proven track record of identifying and winning assignments. Your experience could have been gained (but not exclusively) in any of the following market sectors or job disciplines: MARKETS: Healthcare, Consumer / FMCG, Construction, B2B, Manufacturing, Engineering, Technical Support, Print, Warehouse Distribution, Business Services, Biotechnology, Food Science, Recruitment, Financial Services, Entertainment Travel, Media Publishing, Public Not for Profit, Retail, Telecommunications. JOB DISCIPLINES: Sales, Operations Manufacturing, Technical Support, Marketing, HR Finance I.T WHY WALLACE HIND?  A professional and fun place to work where effort and skill are recognised and rewarded.  We offer a generous base salary plus a variety of lucrative bonuses and incentives based upon achievement of targets.  Our policy of promotion from within means you`ll have every opportunity to fast track your career. All of our management team started as consultants and have developed through our organisation. INTERESTED? In the first instance please email your CV with a covering letter confirming why you would be interested in working for us and your current salary details to our recruitment manager Rod Plowe quoting Recruitment Consultant  Search Select and reference RP**** at apply.a****kd1d1lcwallacehind.aptrack.co DDI: **** **** Wallace Hind Selection LLP. The Old Vicarage, 1 Main Rd, Duston. Northampton. NN**** ****JB  www.wallacehind.com This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/RecruitmentConsultantSearchSelect_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00771.txt " Recruitment Consultant  Search Select" " 68784018" " Wallace Hind Selection" " Personal developmentongoing training support and guidance professional yet fun working atmospherea company committed to qualityrewarded generously for success. These are just some of the things our consultants say they like about working for us. Recruitment Consultant  Search Select At a time when many consultancies are struggling, we have achieved record turnover and profits over the last 3 years and now wish to recruit 2 recruitment specialists to join our expanding operation BASIC: **** to ****  OpenEnded Commission Incentives (realistic 1st year earnings of up to ****)  Company Car  Pension  Health Cover  Share/Equity Partnership (after achievement of targets and qualifying period)  holidays rising **** to 30 days plus statutory LOCATIONS: Northampton. COMMUTABLE LOCATION: Bedford, Milton Keynes, Wellingborough, Daventry, Market Harborough, Towcester. COMPANY PROFILE: ``WHERE EXPERIENCE MATTERS`` We are an independent executive search select recruitment consultancy with a hard earned reputation for successfully recruiting key personnel for major organisations across Europe. Since our inception in **** we have significantly developed our recruitment services to cover a full range of job disciplines and market sectors, sourcing key talent for a diverse range of household names and global brands, from FTSE 100 to Private Equity organisations. ``WHAT WE DO REALLY MAKES A DIFFERENCE`` We consistently exceed expectations by adopting an innovative, resultsfocussed approach, by utilising a range of bespoke recruitment solutions and market intelligence we are able to source and secure the very best candidates. That`s why 81% of our revenue comes from existing clients or organisations that were recommended to use us. To achieve such a high a percentage means we are doing something right Please visit www.wallacehind.com for more details. JOB SPECIFICATION: Recruitment Consultant  Search Select After completing a bespoke training programme through an assigned manager and separate mentors you will be charged with identifying, winning and managing search and select assignments. No monetary targets are set for the first three months, allowing you to settle in and to be trained effectively in our services and process. REQUIREMENTS: Recruitment Consultant  Search Select We are interested in receiving applications from recruitment consultants who have gained at least 18 months experience of selling recruitment services with a proven track record of identifying and winning assignments. Your experience could have been gained (but not exclusively) in any of the following market sectors or job disciplines: MARKETS: Healthcare, Consumer / FMCG, Construction, B2B, Manufacturing, Engineering, Technical Support, Print, Warehouse Distribution, Business Services, Biotechnology, Food Science, Recruitment, Financial Services, Entertainment Travel, Media Publishing, Public Not for Profit, Retail, Telecommunications. JOB DISCIPLINES: Sales, Operations Manufacturing, Technical Support, Marketing, HR Finance I.T WHY WALLACE HIND?  A professional and fun place to work where effort and skill are recognised and rewarded.  We offer a generous base salary plus a variety of lucrative bonuses and incentives based upon achievement of targets.  Our policy of promotion from within means you`ll have every opportunity to fast track your career. All of our management team started as consultants and have developed through our organisation. INTERESTED? In the first instance please email your CV with a covering letter confirming why you would be interested in working for us and your current salary details to our recruitment manager Rod Plowe quoting Recruitment Consultant  Search Select and reference RP**** at apply.a****kd1d1lcwallacehind.aptrack.co DDI: **** **** Wallace Hind Selection LLP. The Old Vicarage, 1 Main Rd, Duston. Northampton. NN**** ****JB  www.wallacehind.com This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/RecruitmentConsultantSearchSelect_job****" "['personal', 'guidance', 'professional', 'fun', 'committed', 'success', 'things', 'consultants', 'consultant', 'search', 'select', 'time', 'consultancies', 'achieved', 'record', 'turnover', 'profits', 'years', 'recruit', 'specialists', 'expanding', 'operation', 'basic', 'commission', 'incentives', 'realistic', 'st', 'year', 'earnings', 'car', 'pension', 'health', 'cover', 'share', 'equity', 'partnership', 'achievement', 'targets', 'qualifying', 'period', 'holidays', 'rising', 'days', 'statutory', 'locations', 'northampton', 'commutable', 'location', 'bedford', 'milton', 'keynes', 'wellingborough', 'daventry', 'market', 'harborough', 'profile', 'matters', 'independent', 'executive', 'search', 'select', 'consultancy', 'hard', 'earned', 'reputation', 'successfully', 'recruiting', 'key', 'personnel', 'major', 'organisations', 'europe', 'inception', 'significantly', 'developed', 'cover', 'range', 'disciplines', 'market', 'sectors', 'sourcing', 'key', 'talent', 'diverse', 'range', 'household', 'names', 'global', 'brands', 'ftse', 'private', 'equity', 'organisations', 'makes', 'difference', 'consistently', 'exceed', 'expectations', 'adopting', 'innovative', 'approach', 'utilising', 'range', 'bespoke', 'solutions', 'market', 'intelligence', 'source', 'secure', 'candidates', 'revenue', 'existing', 'organisations', 'recommended', 'achieve', 'means', 'visit', 'www', 'wallacehind', 'details', 'specification', 'consultant', 'search', 'select', 'completing', 'bespoke', 'programme', 'assigned', 'separate', 'charged', 'identifying', 'winning', 'managing', 'search', 'select', 'assignments', 'targets', 'set', 'months', 'allowing', 'settle', 'trained', 'effectively', 'process', 'requirements', 'consultant', 'search', 'select', 'interested', 'receiving', 'applications', 'consultants', 'gained', 'months', 'selling', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'identifying', 'winning', 'assignments', 'gained', 'exclusively', 'market', 'sectors', 'disciplines', 'markets', 'healthcare', 'consumer', 'fmcg', 'construction', 'manufacturing', 'technical', 'print', 'warehouse', 'distribution', 'food', 'science', 'entertainment', 'travel', 'media', 'publishing', 'public', 'profit', 'retail', 'telecommunications', 'disciplines', 'operations', 'manufacturing', 'technical', 'marketing', 'hr', 'finance', 'wallace', 'hind', 'professional', 'fun', 'place', 'effort', 'skill', 'recognised', 'rewarded', 'offer', 'generous', 'base', 'variety', 'lucrative', 'bonuses', 'incentives', 'achievement', 'targets', 'policy', 'promotion', 'means', 'll', 'fast', 'track', 'career', 'started', 'consultants', 'developed', 'organisation', 'interested', 'instance', 'email', 'cv', 'covering', 'letter', 'confirming', 'interested', 'current', 'details', 'quoting', 'consultant', 'search', 'select', 'reference', 'kd', 'aptrack', 'ddi', 'wallace', 'hind', 'selection', 'llp', 'vicarage', 'main', 'duston', 'northampton', 'nn', 'jb', 'www', 'wallacehind', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'salestarget', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Senior Exhaust Engineer
Webindex: 67946161
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction A great opportunity has arisen with an automotive consultancy for a Senior Exhaust Engineer to work at their site in Leamington Spa. Important Exhaust system design amp; development, exhaust system manufacturing, exhaust aftertreatment and acoustics. The Job The client is a global worldclass, multiindustry consultancy for engineering, technology, project innovation and strategy. With a century of delivering value, we employee over **** professional consultants, engineers and staff worldwide. Our people are committed to providing outstanding value through quality engineering solutions focused on high efficiency, low emission, classleading product innovation and robust strategic implementation. Our client list includes the world s major transportation Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM s), supply chain organisations, energy companies, financial institutions amp; governments. Guided by our corporate values of respect, integrity, creativity amp; innovation and passion we enable our customers to achieve sustainable growth and commercial success. Vehicle Engineering Our vehicle engineering capabilities extend from quick turnaround concept design and demonstrator vehicle builds, through to turnkey volume passenger car programmes, including full production design, prototype build, development and release responsibility. This role is to join the Powertrain Systems Engineering team within Vehicle Engineering and is an excellent opportunity to be involved in a dynamic department, supporting a variety of project based work. The Role: Working as part of the powertrain systems engineering team supporting customer engineering projects. These can range from small changes to entirely new concept vehicles. Experienced in all or some of the following: ?? Exhaust system design amp; development ?? Exhaust system manufacturing ?? SCR system integration ?? After treatment systems ?? Exhaust acoustic development Leading successful delivery of exhaust systems to meet targets including functional performance, quality, cost and timing Liaison with our customers and suppliers to present results/reports Ensure compliance with all standards including customer and legislative Responsibility for the Design Verification (DV) plan and managing DV delivery Identifying all failure modes and ensure counter measures are verified Support and meet manufacturing and service requirements Produce regular status reports showing status of deliverables as each programme progresses Working with the CAD designers in to support component design and packaging activities Liaising with our CAE team to ensure components meet all performance and attribute targets The ideal candidate will: Have proven experience of working within automotive product development for at least 4 years Be an experienced exhaust system engineer, having delivered at least two systems from concept into volume production Be a team player with the flexibility to work alongside talented colleagues as part of a driven and dedicated team To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00132.txt " Senior Exhaust Engineer" " 67946161" " Matchtech Group plc." " Introduction A great opportunity has arisen with an automotive consultancy for a Senior Exhaust Engineer to work at their site in Leamington Spa. Important Exhaust system design amp; development, exhaust system manufacturing, exhaust aftertreatment and acoustics. The Job The client is a global worldclass, multiindustry consultancy for engineering, technology, project innovation and strategy. With a century of delivering value, we employee over **** professional consultants, engineers and staff worldwide. Our people are committed to providing outstanding value through quality engineering solutions focused on high efficiency, low emission, classleading product innovation and robust strategic implementation. Our client list includes the world s major transportation Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM s), supply chain organisations, energy companies, financial institutions amp; governments. Guided by our corporate values of respect, integrity, creativity amp; innovation and passion we enable our customers to achieve sustainable growth and commercial success. Vehicle Engineering Our vehicle engineering capabilities extend from quick turnaround concept design and demonstrator vehicle builds, through to turnkey volume passenger car programmes, including full production design, prototype build, development and release responsibility. This role is to join the Powertrain Systems Engineering team within Vehicle Engineering and is an excellent opportunity to be involved in a dynamic department, supporting a variety of project based work. The Role: Working as part of the powertrain systems engineering team supporting customer engineering projects. These can range from small changes to entirely new concept vehicles. Experienced in all or some of the following: ?? Exhaust system design amp; development ?? Exhaust system manufacturing ?? SCR system integration ?? After treatment systems ?? Exhaust acoustic development Leading successful delivery of exhaust systems to meet targets including functional performance, quality, cost and timing Liaison with our customers and suppliers to present results/reports Ensure compliance with all standards including customer and legislative Responsibility for the Design Verification (DV) plan and managing DV delivery Identifying all failure modes and ensure counter measures are verified Support and meet manufacturing and service requirements Produce regular status reports showing status of deliverables as each programme progresses Working with the CAD designers in to support component design and packaging activities Liaising with our CAE team to ensure components meet all performance and attribute targets The ideal candidate will: Have proven experience of working within automotive product development for at least 4 years Be an experienced exhaust system engineer, having delivered at least two systems from concept into volume production Be a team player with the flexibility to work alongside talented colleagues as part of a driven and dedicated team To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK" "['introduction', 'great', 'arisen', 'automotive', 'consultancy', 'senior', 'exhaust', 'site', 'leamington', 'spa', 'important', 'exhaust', 'system', 'amp', 'exhaust', 'system', 'manufacturing', 'exhaust', 'global', 'worldclass', 'consultancy', 'technology', 'project', 'innovation', 'strategy', 'century', 'delivering', 'employee', 'professional', 'consultants', 'engineers', 'worldwide', 'people', 'committed', 'providing', 'outstanding', 'quality', 'solutions', 'focused', 'efficiency', 'low', 'product', 'innovation', 'robust', 'strategic', 'implementation', 'list', 'includes', 'world', 'major', 'transportation', 'original', 'equipment', 'manufacturers', 'oem', 'supply', 'chain', 'organisations', 'energy', 'companies', 'institutions', 'amp', 'guided', 'corporate', 'values', 'respect', 'integrity', 'creativity', 'amp', 'innovation', 'passion', 'enable', 'customers', 'achieve', 'sustainable', 'growth', 'commercial', 'success', 'vehicle', 'vehicle', 'capabilities', 'extend', 'quick', 'turnaround', 'concept', 'vehicle', 'builds', 'volume', 'car', 'programmes', 'production', 'prototype', 'build', 'release', 'responsibility', 'powertrain', 'vehicle', 'involved', 'dynamic', 'department', 'supporting', 'variety', 'project', 'part', 'powertrain', 'supporting', 'projects', 'range', 'small', 'concept', 'vehicles', 'experienced', 'exhaust', 'system', 'amp', 'exhaust', 'system', 'manufacturing', 'system', 'integration', 'treatment', 'exhaust', 'delivery', 'exhaust', 'meet', 'targets', 'functional', 'performance', 'quality', 'cost', 'liaison', 'customers', 'suppliers', 'present', 'results', 'reports', 'compliance', 'standards', 'responsibility', 'verification', 'dv', 'plan', 'managing', 'dv', 'delivery', 'identifying', 'failure', 'counter', 'measures', 'verified', 'meet', 'manufacturing', 'requirements', 'produce', 'regular', 'status', 'reports', 'showing', 'status', 'deliverables', 'programme', 'cad', 'designers', 'component', 'packaging', 'activities', 'liaising', 'cae', 'components', 'meet', 'performance', 'targets', 'ideal', 'proven', 'automotive', 'product', 'years', 'experienced', 'exhaust', 'system', 'delivered', 'concept', 'volume', 'production', 'player', 'flexibility', 'alongside', 'talented', 'colleagues', 'part', 'driven', 'dedicated', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'live']" Engineering
"Title: Air Conditioning Engineer (17th Edition)
Webindex: 71679611
Company: Phoenix Resourcing Services   PRS
Description: We are recruiting for an experienced and dedicated Air Conditioning Engineer (with their 17th edition) to work on a mobile basis across the Leeds and North Yorkshire area. The role will involve completing routine PPM's and reactive maintenance to all AC and refrigeration building services systems within the facilities. There may be fitting and modernisation projects to complete. Duties:  complete PPM's and reactive maintenance schedules to refrigeration/AC/Split/VAV/VRV/AHU and electrical feeds  refurbishment projects and improvement schemes  commercial building services on critical and key contracts  reduce backlog of servicing checks  coordinate with help desk and contract managers The candidate MUST display a 'candoattitude' as they will be required to work on associated HVAC systems and other building services utilities. Therefore a good working knowledge of other disciplines would be ideal. Candidate must be:  a qualified air conditioning engineer  experience of maintenance on commercial facilities  hold their **** FGas safe handling of refrigerants  have a 17th edition electrical certificate  have their own transport (mileage paid) and valid driving license To apply please contact Matt on **** **** **** and email your cv If you are interested, then please send your details and call Matt on **** **** **** Please click the APPLY button now. Please note if you have not heard from us within 5 days, then your application has not been successful. PRS is an equal opportunities employer. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AirConditioningEngineer17thEdition_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00167.txt " Air Conditioning Engineer (17th Edition)" " 71679611" " Phoenix Resourcing Services   PRS" " We are recruiting for an experienced and dedicated Air Conditioning Engineer (with their 17th edition) to work on a mobile basis across the Leeds and North Yorkshire area. The role will involve completing routine PPM's and reactive maintenance to all AC and refrigeration building services systems within the facilities. There may be fitting and modernisation projects to complete. Duties:  complete PPM's and reactive maintenance schedules to refrigeration/AC/Split/VAV/VRV/AHU and electrical feeds  refurbishment projects and improvement schemes  commercial building services on critical and key contracts  reduce backlog of servicing checks  coordinate with help desk and contract managers The candidate MUST display a 'candoattitude' as they will be required to work on associated HVAC systems and other building services utilities. Therefore a good working knowledge of other disciplines would be ideal. Candidate must be:  a qualified air conditioning engineer  experience of maintenance on commercial facilities  hold their **** FGas safe handling of refrigerants  have a 17th edition electrical certificate  have their own transport (mileage paid) and valid driving license To apply please contact Matt on **** **** **** and email your cv If you are interested, then please send your details and call Matt on **** **** **** Please click the APPLY button now. Please note if you have not heard from us within 5 days, then your application has not been successful. PRS is an equal opportunities employer. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AirConditioningEngineer17thEdition_job****" "['recruiting', 'experienced', 'dedicated', 'air', 'conditioning', 'edition', 'mobile', 'basis', 'leeds', 'north', 'yorkshire', 'area', 'involve', 'completing', 'routine', ""ppm's"", 'reactive', 'maintenance', 'ac', 'refrigeration', 'building', 'facilities', 'fitting', 'projects', 'complete', 'duties', 'complete', ""ppm's"", 'reactive', 'maintenance', 'schedules', 'refrigeration', 'ac', 'split', 'ahu', 'electrical', 'feeds', 'refurbishment', 'projects', 'improvement', 'schemes', 'commercial', 'building', 'critical', 'key', 'contracts', 'reduce', 'servicing', 'checks', 'coordinate', 'desk', 'contract', 'managers', 'display', 'hvac', 'building', 'utilities', 'disciplines', 'ideal', 'qualified', 'air', 'conditioning', 'maintenance', 'commercial', 'facilities', 'hold', 'fgas', 'safe', 'handling', 'edition', 'electrical', 'certificate', 'transport', 'mileage', 'paid', 'valid', 'driving', 'license', 'contact', 'matt', 'email', 'cv', 'interested', 'send', 'details', 'call', 'matt', 'click', 'button', 'note', 'heard', 'days', 'application', 'prs', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Investment Accountant
Webindex: 67896489
Company: Barclay Meade
Description: Reporting in to the Investment Manager you will be responsible for producing accurate fund prices, reconciling accounts and maintaining financial records, including all Group and Statutory reporting for investments held by the Life business. On a day to day basis this will include: Review of daily prices and valuations for c**** Life unit linked Funds Maintenance and update of Company General Ledger. Preparation of monthly and quarterly Management Information relating to unit linked funds. Completion of Statutory and Group reporting for investments held within unit linked funds. Supporting Business areas in fund related project developments. The preferred candidate will be a qualified accountant or qualified by experience for the role and must have experience of Investment Accounting and Unit Pricing knowledge gained within a large insurance or life business. This will include understanding of accounting for Life and Pension funds and unit pricing experience. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Barclay Meade is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00301.txt " Investment Accountant" " 67896489" " Barclay Meade" " Reporting in to the Investment Manager you will be responsible for producing accurate fund prices, reconciling accounts and maintaining financial records, including all Group and Statutory reporting for investments held by the Life business. On a day to day basis this will include: Review of daily prices and valuations for c**** Life unit linked Funds Maintenance and update of Company General Ledger. Preparation of monthly and quarterly Management Information relating to unit linked funds. Completion of Statutory and Group reporting for investments held within unit linked funds. Supporting Business areas in fund related project developments. The preferred candidate will be a qualified accountant or qualified by experience for the role and must have experience of Investment Accounting and Unit Pricing knowledge gained within a large insurance or life business. This will include understanding of accounting for Life and Pension funds and unit pricing experience. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Barclay Meade is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy" "['reporting', 'investment', 'responsible', 'producing', 'accurate', 'fund', 'prices', 'reconciling', 'accounts', 'maintaining', 'records', 'group', 'statutory', 'reporting', 'investments', 'held', 'life', 'day', 'day', 'basis', 'include', 'review', 'daily', 'prices', 'valuations', 'life', 'unit', 'linked', 'funds', 'maintenance', 'update', 'general', 'ledger', 'preparation', 'monthly', 'quarterly', 'information', 'relating', 'unit', 'linked', 'funds', 'completion', 'statutory', 'group', 'reporting', 'investments', 'held', 'unit', 'linked', 'funds', 'supporting', 'areas', 'fund', 'related', 'project', 'developments', 'preferred', 'qualified', 'accountant', 'qualified', 'investment', 'accounting', 'unit', 'pricing', 'gained', 'large', 'insurance', 'life', 'include', 'understanding', 'accounting', 'life', 'pension', 'funds', 'unit', 'pricing', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'live', 'acting', 'employment', 'relation', 'vacancy']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Locum Physiotherapist Intermediate Care South Central
Webindex: 68560477
Company: The Placement Group
Description: JustPhysio are currently looking for Band 6 locum physio to work in a Intermediate Care setting for a client of ours based in Buckinghamshire Start Date: ASAP Duration: 9 Months Hours of Work: Full Time You will also have access to the full range of JustPhysio benefits giving you access to thousands of online and in store discounts Free manual handing training, online training and BLS Reimbursed CRB 24 hour service from our friendly consultants Assistance with travel and accommodation Weekly pay  on time, every time Nationwide physiotherapy job opportunities" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00515.txt " Locum Physiotherapist Intermediate Care South Central" " 68560477" " The Placement Group" " JustPhysio are currently looking for Band 6 locum physio to work in a Intermediate Care setting for a client of ours based in Buckinghamshire Start Date: ASAP Duration: 9 Months Hours of Work: Full Time You will also have access to the full range of JustPhysio benefits giving you access to thousands of online and in store discounts Free manual handing training, online training and BLS Reimbursed CRB 24 hour service from our friendly consultants Assistance with travel and accommodation Weekly pay  on time, every time Nationwide physiotherapy job opportunities" "['justphysio', 'band', 'locum', 'physio', 'intermediate', 'setting', 'buckinghamshire', 'start', 'date', 'asap', 'duration', 'months', 'hours', 'time', 'access', 'range', 'justphysio', 'benefits', 'giving', 'access', 'thousands', 'online', 'store', 'discounts', 'free', 'manual', 'handing', 'online', 'bls', 'reimbursed', 'crb', 'hour', 'friendly', 'consultants', 'assistance', 'travel', 'accommodation', 'weekly', 'pay', 'time', 'time', 'nationwide', 'physiotherapy', 'opportunities']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Clinical Pharmacy Technician Higher Level  Viral Hepatitis, HIV/ID
Webindex: 68718817
Company: NHS Greater Glasgow & Clyde
Description: We are looking for a technician who works well as part of a team, to join our specialist unit of pharmacists, technicians and pharmacy assistants who provide pharmaceutical care for HIV patients and Hepatitis C patients in the Brownlee Centre, Gartnavel General. Experience with HIV is not essential. This post is split ****wte dealing with HCV and ****wte dealing with HIV. You will be a Qualified Pharmacy Technician registered with Royal Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain as a Pharmacy Technician and have significant post qualification as a pharmacy technician. National Certificate in Pharmaceutical Science (or equivalent) and National Dispensary Checking Technician Qualification (DCT) or Pharmacy Aseptic Checking Technician (PACT) is essential. This post is ****wte which is equivalent to **** hours. This post is suitable for part time working. This post requires PVG Scheme Membership/Disclosure Scotland Check. Employer details: To apply use the Job Packs link above to download an application pack. Alternatively, email your address details and the job ref to nhsggcrecruitmentnhs.net or call **** **** ****" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00510.txt " Clinical Pharmacy Technician Higher Level  Viral Hepatitis, HIV/ID" " 68718817" " NHS Greater Glasgow & Clyde" " We are looking for a technician who works well as part of a team, to join our specialist unit of pharmacists, technicians and pharmacy assistants who provide pharmaceutical care for HIV patients and Hepatitis C patients in the Brownlee Centre, Gartnavel General. Experience with HIV is not essential. This post is split ****wte dealing with HCV and ****wte dealing with HIV. You will be a Qualified Pharmacy Technician registered with Royal Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain as a Pharmacy Technician and have significant post qualification as a pharmacy technician. National Certificate in Pharmaceutical Science (or equivalent) and National Dispensary Checking Technician Qualification (DCT) or Pharmacy Aseptic Checking Technician (PACT) is essential. This post is ****wte which is equivalent to **** hours. This post is suitable for part time working. This post requires PVG Scheme Membership/Disclosure Scotland Check. Employer details: To apply use the Job Packs link above to download an application pack. Alternatively, email your address details and the job ref to nhsggcrecruitmentnhs.net or call **** **** ****" "['technician', 'works', 'part', 'specialist', 'unit', 'technicians', 'pharmacy', 'assistants', 'pharmaceutical', 'hiv', 'patients', 'hepatitis', 'patients', 'centre', 'general', 'hiv', 'essential', 'post', 'split', 'wte', 'dealing', 'wte', 'dealing', 'hiv', 'qualified', 'pharmacy', 'technician', 'registered', 'royal', 'pharmaceutical', 'great', 'britain', 'pharmacy', 'technician', 'significant', 'post', 'qualification', 'pharmacy', 'technician', 'national', 'certificate', 'pharmaceutical', 'science', 'equivalent', 'national', 'checking', 'technician', 'qualification', 'pharmacy', 'checking', 'technician', 'essential', 'post', 'wte', 'equivalent', 'hours', 'post', 'suitable', 'part', 'time', 'post', 'requires', 'pvg', 'scheme', 'membership', 'disclosure', 'scotland', 'check', 'employer', 'details', 'packs', 'link', 'download', 'application', 'pack', 'alternatively', 'email', 'address', 'details', 'ref', 'net', 'call']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: NEW YEAR NEW CAREER System Engineer (m/f) – Automotive Products
Webindex: 72444600
Company: Chase Resourcing Ltd
Description: Chase resourcing is delighted to announce an exclusive partnership with one of the leading global manufacturer of electronic devices. The candidate will be working as part of a team, to provide electronic, electrical, software and systems integration expertise to support the development of product specifications with the customer and liaise with design teams in Japan, Korea and Czech Republic to convert the specifications into designs. Key Responsibilities:  Develop a good understanding of the customer’s development process and quality requirements including liaison with internal, external departments and contacts globally relating to automotive interior human machine interfaces  Design, implement and validate test equipment to allow company products to be tested in the UK and provide internal training on subject matter  Working as part of project team internally with Programme Manager and Mechanical Engineer (Sales and Application Engineering)  Support customerbased validation activities and local testing of development samples including focus on the customer to resolve issues arising in production both directly and through liaison with company based production facilities in the Far East and Europe Requirements:  Alevels or equivalent in English, Maths and Sciences, degree in Electronics or degree with significant Electronic content or HNC/HND with profound experience of working in a suitable/relevant business environment  Sound knowledge of System Integration at an AutomotiveOEM or an industry with similar development process including technical documentation  Good experience of Electrical/Mechanical systems, software/firmware development(LIN/CAN) within automotive production and relevant constraints  Experienced in testing, hands on design and build test of oneoff electronic assemblies  Excellent communication skills, confident and competent in front of customers  The ability to work on own initiative, be a team player, flexible in their working hours, have a clean driving licence and the ability to travel within UK and Globally If you are interested in this position call Shaz on **** **** **** or email your CV to smalikchase.ie This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NEWYEARNEWCAREERSystemEngineermfAutomotiveProducts_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00150.txt " NEW YEAR NEW CAREER System Engineer (m/f) – Automotive Products" " 72444600" " Chase Resourcing Ltd" " Chase resourcing is delighted to announce an exclusive partnership with one of the leading global manufacturer of electronic devices. The candidate will be working as part of a team, to provide electronic, electrical, software and systems integration expertise to support the development of product specifications with the customer and liaise with design teams in Japan, Korea and Czech Republic to convert the specifications into designs. Key Responsibilities:  Develop a good understanding of the customer’s development process and quality requirements including liaison with internal, external departments and contacts globally relating to automotive interior human machine interfaces  Design, implement and validate test equipment to allow company products to be tested in the UK and provide internal training on subject matter  Working as part of project team internally with Programme Manager and Mechanical Engineer (Sales and Application Engineering)  Support customerbased validation activities and local testing of development samples including focus on the customer to resolve issues arising in production both directly and through liaison with company based production facilities in the Far East and Europe Requirements:  Alevels or equivalent in English, Maths and Sciences, degree in Electronics or degree with significant Electronic content or HNC/HND with profound experience of working in a suitable/relevant business environment  Sound knowledge of System Integration at an AutomotiveOEM or an industry with similar development process including technical documentation  Good experience of Electrical/Mechanical systems, software/firmware development(LIN/CAN) within automotive production and relevant constraints  Experienced in testing, hands on design and build test of oneoff electronic assemblies  Excellent communication skills, confident and competent in front of customers  The ability to work on own initiative, be a team player, flexible in their working hours, have a clean driving licence and the ability to travel within UK and Globally If you are interested in this position call Shaz on **** **** **** or email your CV to smalikchase.ie This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NEWYEARNEWCAREERSystemEngineermfAutomotiveProducts_job****" "['chase', 'resourcing', 'delighted', 'exclusive', 'partnership', 'global', 'manufacturer', 'electronic', 'devices', 'part', 'electronic', 'electrical', 'software', 'integration', 'expertise', 'product', 'specifications', 'liaise', 'teams', 'japan', 'convert', 'specifications', 'designs', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'develop', 'understanding', 'process', 'quality', 'requirements', 'liaison', 'internal', 'external', 'departments', 'contacts', 'globally', 'relating', 'automotive', 'interior', 'human', 'machine', 'interfaces', 'implement', 'validate', 'test', 'equipment', 'products', 'tested', 'internal', 'subject', 'matter', 'part', 'project', 'internally', 'programme', 'mechanical', 'application', 'validation', 'activities', 'local', 'testing', 'samples', 'focus', 'resolve', 'issues', 'production', 'directly', 'liaison', 'production', 'facilities', 'east', 'europe', 'requirements', 'equivalent', 'english', 'maths', 'sciences', 'degree', 'electronics', 'degree', 'significant', 'electronic', 'content', 'hnc', 'hnd', 'suitable', 'relevant', 'environment', 'sound', 'system', 'integration', 'industry', 'similar', 'process', 'technical', 'documentation', 'electrical', 'mechanical', 'software', 'automotive', 'production', 'relevant', 'constraints', 'experienced', 'testing', 'hands', 'build', 'test', 'oneoff', 'electronic', 'assemblies', 'communication', 'confident', 'competent', 'front', 'customers', 'initiative', 'player', 'flexible', 'hours', 'clean', 'driving', 'licence', 'travel', 'globally', 'interested', 'call', 'email', 'cv', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Design Engineer
Webindex: 72690576
Company: STR
Description: Design Engineer  Gainsborough  Flexible Benefits A leading supplier of design and manufactured products is seeking a design engineer to work within a close nit team. ideally you will have knowledge of design for manufacture with ****D Cad packages, sheet metal and knowledge of TIG or MIG welding methods used with thin gauge sheet metal Requirements; To produce manufacturing drawings for components Take overall responsibilities for product design To produce design plans in line with APQP process and TS**** Produce general arrangement drawings, largely isometric, and fitting instructions Produce proposal drawings for customers in support of quotations To produce detailed designs as necessary which may include some jig or tool drawings Education; HNC to a degree in Mechanical Engineering or similar Experience of using a ****D CAD package (Catia, ProE, Soidworks etc) Have appreciation of sheet metal forming This position hold a salary of **** 2**** days holiday plus 8 statutory days, pension scheme after three months. This opportunity is commutable from Scunthorpe, Lincoln, Doncaster, Gainsborough, Worksop, Mansfield, North East. KEYWORDS: Design Engineer, Mechanical Design, Product Design, CAD, Sheet Metal, Engineering, Engineer." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00031.txt " Design Engineer" " 72690576" " STR" " Design Engineer  Gainsborough  Flexible Benefits A leading supplier of design and manufactured products is seeking a design engineer to work within a close nit team. ideally you will have knowledge of design for manufacture with ****D Cad packages, sheet metal and knowledge of TIG or MIG welding methods used with thin gauge sheet metal Requirements; To produce manufacturing drawings for components Take overall responsibilities for product design To produce design plans in line with APQP process and TS**** Produce general arrangement drawings, largely isometric, and fitting instructions Produce proposal drawings for customers in support of quotations To produce detailed designs as necessary which may include some jig or tool drawings Education; HNC to a degree in Mechanical Engineering or similar Experience of using a ****D CAD package (Catia, ProE, Soidworks etc) Have appreciation of sheet metal forming This position hold a salary of **** 2**** days holiday plus 8 statutory days, pension scheme after three months. This opportunity is commutable from Scunthorpe, Lincoln, Doncaster, Gainsborough, Worksop, Mansfield, North East. KEYWORDS: Design Engineer, Mechanical Design, Product Design, CAD, Sheet Metal, Engineering, Engineer." "['gainsborough', 'flexible', 'benefits', 'supplier', 'manufactured', 'products', 'seeking', 'close', 'ideally', 'manufacture', 'cad', 'packages', 'sheet', 'metal', 'tig', 'mig', 'welding', 'methods', 'sheet', 'metal', 'requirements', 'produce', 'manufacturing', 'drawings', 'components', 'responsibilities', 'product', 'produce', 'plans', 'line', 'process', 'produce', 'general', 'arrangement', 'drawings', 'largely', 'fitting', 'instructions', 'produce', 'proposal', 'drawings', 'customers', 'quotations', 'produce', 'detailed', 'designs', 'include', 'tool', 'drawings', 'education', 'hnc', 'degree', 'mechanical', 'similar', 'cad', 'package', 'catia', 'proe', 'appreciation', 'sheet', 'metal', 'forming', 'hold', 'days', 'holiday', 'statutory', 'days', 'pension', 'scheme', 'months', 'commutable', 'scunthorpe', 'lincoln', 'doncaster', 'gainsborough', 'mansfield', 'north', 'east', 'keywords', 'mechanical', 'product', 'cad', 'sheet', 'metal']" Engineering
"Title: Internal Sales Representative
Webindex: 65451652
Company: Kerr Recruitment
Description: Internal Sales Representative London Up to ****k  Bonus  Benefits Responsibilities Be responsible for the entire sales process from prospecting to close. Team with channel partners to build pipeline and close deals. Understand customer needs and requirements. Effectively demonstrate software product through use of different packages. Close sales and achieve quarterly sales quotas. Requirements Previous experience within sales, ideally hardware or software sales; however other industries may be considered. Proven track record in inside sales. Experience in closing deals in the ********K range. Ability to manage entire sales process from prospecting through close. Ability to manage in fast paced and high growth environment. Excellent communications capabilities, BA/BS degree preferred Company A market leading company within the technology sector. Please note: If you have not been contacted within **** working days, unfortunately your application has not been successful on this occasion. We accept spontaneous applications via email do not hesitate to send us your CV, stating what kind of role you would be looking for. Please do not hesitate to regularly have a look at the Kerr Multilingual Recruitment website for an overview of all our vacancies. Do you? Have previous sales experience within a technology driven sector" 3 data/Sales\Job_00722.txt " Internal Sales Representative" " 65451652" " Kerr Recruitment" " Internal Sales Representative London Up to ****k  Bonus  Benefits Responsibilities Be responsible for the entire sales process from prospecting to close. Team with channel partners to build pipeline and close deals. Understand customer needs and requirements. Effectively demonstrate software product through use of different packages. Close sales and achieve quarterly sales quotas. Requirements Previous experience within sales, ideally hardware or software sales; however other industries may be considered. Proven track record in inside sales. Experience in closing deals in the ********K range. Ability to manage entire sales process from prospecting through close. Ability to manage in fast paced and high growth environment. Excellent communications capabilities, BA/BS degree preferred Company A market leading company within the technology sector. Please note: If you have not been contacted within **** working days, unfortunately your application has not been successful on this occasion. We accept spontaneous applications via email do not hesitate to send us your CV, stating what kind of role you would be looking for. Please do not hesitate to regularly have a look at the Kerr Multilingual Recruitment website for an overview of all our vacancies. Do you? Have previous sales experience within a technology driven sector" "['internal', 'representative', 'london', 'bonus', 'benefits', 'responsibilities', 'responsible', 'entire', 'process', 'prospecting', 'close', 'channel', 'partners', 'build', 'pipeline', 'close', 'deals', 'understand', 'requirements', 'effectively', 'demonstrate', 'software', 'product', 'packages', 'close', 'achieve', 'quarterly', 'requirements', 'previous', 'ideally', 'hardware', 'software', 'industries', 'considered', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'inside', 'closing', 'deals', 'range', 'manage', 'entire', 'process', 'prospecting', 'close', 'manage', 'fast', 'paced', 'growth', 'environment', 'communications', 'capabilities', 'ba', 'bs', 'degree', 'preferred', 'market', 'technology', 'sector', 'note', 'contacted', 'days', 'application', 'occasion', 'accept', 'applications', 'email', 'hesitate', 'send', 'cv', 'stating', 'kind', 'hesitate', 'regularly', 'website', 'overview', 'vacancies', 'previous', 'technology', 'driven', 'sector']" Sales
"Title: Inbound Mortgage Sales Executive
Webindex: 67931789
Description: Inbound Mortgage Sales Executive **** Benefits Bonus Leeds 35 hours per week between 8.00am and 10.00pm Monday Sunday We currently have a number of exciting opportunities available with one of the world s leading financial services organisations based in central Leeds. As an Inbound Mortgage Sales Executive you ll be responsible for delivering a worldclass service to existing customers, providing a high quality, customer driven mortgage related sales service by proactively identifying and addressing customer needs over the telephone. With previous experience in customer services, you ll feel comfortable speaking to a diverse range of customers whilst working towards targets. What s more, since you ll be in the frontline when it comes to delivering an excellent customer experience, we re looking for engaging and charismatic individuals who can provide confidence in our client s products and services. To apply for this role, you need to: genuinely enjoy constant telephone contact with customers, be able to communicate professionally in English, have had previous contact centre or strong retail sales experience and be willing to work flexibly, as the role will involve shifts. In return for your commitments and effort you will be remunerated well and also see opportunities to progress and drive your career further. You can also make full use of our flexible benefits package that you can tailor to suit you." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00378.txt " Inbound Mortgage Sales Executive" " 67931789"  " Inbound Mortgage Sales Executive **** Benefits Bonus Leeds 35 hours per week between 8.00am and 10.00pm Monday Sunday We currently have a number of exciting opportunities available with one of the world s leading financial services organisations based in central Leeds. As an Inbound Mortgage Sales Executive you ll be responsible for delivering a worldclass service to existing customers, providing a high quality, customer driven mortgage related sales service by proactively identifying and addressing customer needs over the telephone. With previous experience in customer services, you ll feel comfortable speaking to a diverse range of customers whilst working towards targets. What s more, since you ll be in the frontline when it comes to delivering an excellent customer experience, we re looking for engaging and charismatic individuals who can provide confidence in our client s products and services. To apply for this role, you need to: genuinely enjoy constant telephone contact with customers, be able to communicate professionally in English, have had previous contact centre or strong retail sales experience and be willing to work flexibly, as the role will involve shifts. In return for your commitments and effort you will be remunerated well and also see opportunities to progress and drive your career further. You can also make full use of our flexible benefits package that you can tailor to suit you." "['inbound', 'mortgage', 'executive', 'benefits', 'bonus', 'leeds', 'hours', 'week', 'pm', 'monday', 'sunday', 'number', 'exciting', 'opportunities', 'world', 'organisations', 'central', 'leeds', 'inbound', 'mortgage', 'executive', 'll', 'responsible', 'delivering', 'worldclass', 'existing', 'customers', 'providing', 'quality', 'driven', 'mortgage', 'related', 'proactively', 'identifying', 'addressing', 'telephone', 'previous', 'll', 'feel', 'comfortable', 'speaking', 'diverse', 'range', 'customers', 'whilst', 'targets', 'll', 'frontline', 'delivering', 'engaging', 'charismatic', 'individuals', 'confidence', 'products', 'genuinely', 'enjoy', 'constant', 'telephone', 'contact', 'customers', 'communicate', 'professionally', 'english', 'previous', 'contact', 'centre', 'retail', 'flexibly', 'involve', 'shifts', 'return', 'commitments', 'effort', 'opportunities', 'progress', 'drive', 'career', 'make', 'flexible', 'benefits', 'package', 'suit']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: CNC Machinist/Borer
Webindex: 69079850
Company: Ambitek Limited
Description: Our client is a medium sized sub contract machine shops. They specialise in heavy engineering and are looking for time served skilled machinists to join there growing team. Candidates must be time served and be able to programme, set and operate with either Fanuc, Seimens or Heidenhain. Ideally you will be a multi skilled machinist with experience of turning or boring. Our client is offering an excellent rate of pay for successful applicants which can be up to **** per hour on days and 18.62 on nights. Please forward your CV to be considered for immediate interviews" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00099.txt " CNC Machinist/Borer" " 69079850" " Ambitek Limited" " Our client is a medium sized sub contract machine shops. They specialise in heavy engineering and are looking for time served skilled machinists to join there growing team. Candidates must be time served and be able to programme, set and operate with either Fanuc, Seimens or Heidenhain. Ideally you will be a multi skilled machinist with experience of turning or boring. Our client is offering an excellent rate of pay for successful applicants which can be up to **** per hour on days and 18.62 on nights. Please forward your CV to be considered for immediate interviews" "['medium', 'sized', 'contract', 'machine', 'shops', 'specialise', 'heavy', 'time', 'served', 'skilled', 'machinists', 'growing', 'candidates', 'time', 'served', 'programme', 'set', 'operate', 'fanuc', 'heidenhain', 'ideally', 'multi', 'skilled', 'machinist', 'turning', 'boring', 'offering', 'rate', 'pay', 'applicants', 'hour', 'days', 'nights', 'forward', 'cv', 'considered', 'interviews']" Engineering
"Title: Senior Financial Planners
Webindex: 69856091
Company: Hanover Search Financial Services
Description: The business has over pound;2 billion of assets under management and employs over **** IFA rsquo;s and Investment Managers to service its vast client bank. The organisation is already completely RDR friendly and is going to strengthen its position in the market over the next 12 months by further investing in business systems and infrastructure, this investment is focused on increasing the productivity of each adviser and the level of engagement felt by its clients. Your role will be to provide a full range of Financial Planning Solutions to the company rsquo;s HNW clients and the HNW clients introduced to the business by its existing professional connections. Business development is also a key part of the role and the organisation provides a robust training regime which includes mentoring and coaching to sharpen your skills when working with accountants, solicitors and other centres of interest. The business has a client base of **** and joint ventures with **** national accountants and solicitors. The business has **** distinct client service propositions with a typical client having investable assets from pound;****  pound;4 million. Full Paraplanning and Administration support is given, allowing the adviser to maximise their time in front of clients and new business introducers. The ideal candidate will be Diploma Level 4 qualified, with an ability and desire to bsuiness develop. Interested applicants should contact Barry Pendrill at barry.pendrillhanoversearch.com or call **** **** ****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00261.txt " Senior Financial Planners" " 69856091" " Hanover Search Financial Services" " The business has over pound;2 billion of assets under management and employs over **** IFA rsquo;s and Investment Managers to service its vast client bank. The organisation is already completely RDR friendly and is going to strengthen its position in the market over the next 12 months by further investing in business systems and infrastructure, this investment is focused on increasing the productivity of each adviser and the level of engagement felt by its clients. Your role will be to provide a full range of Financial Planning Solutions to the company rsquo;s HNW clients and the HNW clients introduced to the business by its existing professional connections. Business development is also a key part of the role and the organisation provides a robust training regime which includes mentoring and coaching to sharpen your skills when working with accountants, solicitors and other centres of interest. The business has a client base of **** and joint ventures with **** national accountants and solicitors. The business has **** distinct client service propositions with a typical client having investable assets from pound;****  pound;4 million. Full Paraplanning and Administration support is given, allowing the adviser to maximise their time in front of clients and new business introducers. The ideal candidate will be Diploma Level 4 qualified, with an ability and desire to bsuiness develop. Interested applicants should contact Barry Pendrill at barry.pendrillhanoversearch.com or call **** **** ****" "['pound', 'billion', 'assets', 'employs', 'ifa', 'rsquo', 'investment', 'managers', 'vast', 'bank', 'organisation', 'completely', 'rdr', 'friendly', 'strengthen', 'market', 'months', 'investing', 'infrastructure', 'investment', 'focused', 'increasing', 'productivity', 'adviser', 'level', 'engagement', 'range', 'planning', 'solutions', 'rsquo', 'hnw', 'hnw', 'introduced', 'existing', 'professional', 'connections', 'key', 'part', 'organisation', 'robust', 'regime', 'includes', 'mentoring', 'coaching', 'sharpen', 'accountants', 'solicitors', 'centres', 'interest', 'base', 'joint', 'ventures', 'national', 'accountants', 'solicitors', 'distinct', 'propositions', 'typical', 'assets', 'pound', 'pound', 'million', 'paraplanning', 'administration', 'allowing', 'adviser', 'maximise', 'time', 'front', 'ideal', 'diploma', 'level', 'qualified', 'desire', 'develop', 'interested', 'applicants', 'contact', 'barry', 'barry', 'call']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Commercial Analyst
Webindex: 71847666
Company: Page Personnel Finance
Description: Manage and maintain business reports Daily product sales trend reporting Customer sales profitability analysis New business analysis and profitability Sales Performance and KPI Reporting Competitor analysis Make recommendations to the business to reduce costs Analyse customer margins Assist with month end duties Advanced Excel  V Look Ups, Pivot Tables and Macros Commercial Mind Set Ability to communicate with all levels across the business Previously worked as an analyst Ideally candidates will be working towards CIMA Qualification however if not candidates will still be considered with the right experience. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Our client are market leaders in their field and due to recent expansion and even more planned for the next 12 months they are looking to hire an additional Commercial Analyst for their team. Competitive salary Study Support Free Parking Fantastic career progression For more information about this excellent opportunity please call Caroline Preston at Page Personnel on **** or email carolineprestonpagepersonnel.co.uk Your application will be reviewed by Page Personnel. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exc Page Personnel is a leading UK recruitment consultancy This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommercialAnalyst_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00346.txt " Commercial Analyst" " 71847666" " Page Personnel Finance" " Manage and maintain business reports Daily product sales trend reporting Customer sales profitability analysis New business analysis and profitability Sales Performance and KPI Reporting Competitor analysis Make recommendations to the business to reduce costs Analyse customer margins Assist with month end duties Advanced Excel  V Look Ups, Pivot Tables and Macros Commercial Mind Set Ability to communicate with all levels across the business Previously worked as an analyst Ideally candidates will be working towards CIMA Qualification however if not candidates will still be considered with the right experience. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Our client are market leaders in their field and due to recent expansion and even more planned for the next 12 months they are looking to hire an additional Commercial Analyst for their team. Competitive salary Study Support Free Parking Fantastic career progression For more information about this excellent opportunity please call Caroline Preston at Page Personnel on **** or email carolineprestonpagepersonnel.co.uk Your application will be reviewed by Page Personnel. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exc Page Personnel is a leading UK recruitment consultancy This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommercialAnalyst_job****" "['manage', 'maintain', 'reports', 'daily', 'product', 'trend', 'reporting', 'profitability', 'analysis', 'analysis', 'profitability', 'performance', 'kpi', 'reporting', 'competitor', 'analysis', 'make', 'recommendations', 'reduce', 'costs', 'analyse', 'margins', 'assist', 'month', 'end', 'duties', 'advanced', 'excel', 'ups', 'commercial', 'mind', 'set', 'communicate', 'levels', 'previously', 'worked', 'analyst', 'ideally', 'candidates', 'cima', 'qualification', 'candidates', 'considered', 'specific', 'qualifications', 'account', 'overseas', 'equivalents', 'market', 'leaders', 'field', 'due', 'recent', 'expansion', 'planned', 'months', 'hire', 'additional', 'commercial', 'analyst', 'competitive', 'study', 'free', 'parking', 'fantastic', 'career', 'progression', 'information', 'call', 'caroline', 'preston', 'page', 'personnel', 'email', 'application', 'reviewed', 'page', 'personnel', 'aware', 'receive', 'volume', 'applications', 'advertised', 'regularly', 'receive', 'applications', 'candidates', 'page', 'personnel', 'consultancy', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: MRI Radiographer
Webindex: 47920414
Description: MRI Radiographer Cambridge ****  **** regional allowance I am currently recruiting for an experience MRI Radiographer to work for a private hospital in Cambridge. Your main responsibilities will include; providing highly skilled and specialised MRI imaging for patients within the radiographic department. You will develop positive working relationships with consultant users and GPs and maintain effective working relationships within the hospital. Who we are looking for people with a Degree (BSc Honours in Radiography or equivalent qualification). Post graduate qualification in MRI along with UK based post graduate experience in imaging including a period of specialising in MRI. For more information or to apply for the role please call Lydia Robinson on **** **** and email your CV to lydia.robinsonappointgroup.co.uk" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00509.txt " MRI Radiographer" " 47920414"  " MRI Radiographer Cambridge ****  **** regional allowance I am currently recruiting for an experience MRI Radiographer to work for a private hospital in Cambridge. Your main responsibilities will include; providing highly skilled and specialised MRI imaging for patients within the radiographic department. You will develop positive working relationships with consultant users and GPs and maintain effective working relationships within the hospital. Who we are looking for people with a Degree (BSc Honours in Radiography or equivalent qualification). Post graduate qualification in MRI along with UK based post graduate experience in imaging including a period of specialising in MRI. For more information or to apply for the role please call Lydia Robinson on **** **** and email your CV to lydia.robinsonappointgroup.co.uk" "['mri', 'radiographer', 'cambridge', 'regional', 'allowance', 'recruiting', 'mri', 'radiographer', 'private', 'hospital', 'cambridge', 'main', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'providing', 'highly', 'skilled', 'specialised', 'mri', 'imaging', 'patients', 'department', 'develop', 'positive', 'relationships', 'consultant', 'users', 'gps', 'maintain', 'effective', 'relationships', 'hospital', 'people', 'degree', 'bsc', 'equivalent', 'qualification', 'post', 'graduate', 'qualification', 'mri', 'post', 'graduate', 'imaging', 'period', 'specialising', 'mri', 'information', 'call', 'lydia', 'email', 'cv', 'lydia']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Technical Sales Manager **** Car
Webindex: 71679411
Company: Addtec
Description: Technical Sales Manager **** CarBonus Leading International Manufacturer Manage New and existing product projects  Ensure all sales and new business opportunities are captured and explored: Business Development .  Identify new opportunities to increase the share/profitability of our business Account ManagementMaintain and develop relationships with customers. Liaise with – Purchasing, Engineering, Manufacturing, Quality, Project management and Service Technical Sales Manager Automotive will provide Technical support in front of the OEM and OES customers Build good relationships with the OEM customers at the engineering level in the Automotive and Industrial customer markets.  Identify new opportunities at the customer Technical base.  Minimum five years sales experience in the automotive component industry in a technical sales environment or similar. The Technical Sales Manager must have an u nderstanding of OE operating environment an advantage. Strong interpersonal skills. You must have strong Business Development skills.Italian,German or Spanish language skill would be an advantage jasonaddtec.co.uk Jason Hughes This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TechnicalSalesManager****Car_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00626.txt " Technical Sales Manager **** Car" " 71679411" " Addtec" " Technical Sales Manager **** CarBonus Leading International Manufacturer Manage New and existing product projects  Ensure all sales and new business opportunities are captured and explored: Business Development .  Identify new opportunities to increase the share/profitability of our business Account ManagementMaintain and develop relationships with customers. Liaise with – Purchasing, Engineering, Manufacturing, Quality, Project management and Service Technical Sales Manager Automotive will provide Technical support in front of the OEM and OES customers Build good relationships with the OEM customers at the engineering level in the Automotive and Industrial customer markets.  Identify new opportunities at the customer Technical base.  Minimum five years sales experience in the automotive component industry in a technical sales environment or similar. The Technical Sales Manager must have an u nderstanding of OE operating environment an advantage. Strong interpersonal skills. You must have strong Business Development skills.Italian,German or Spanish language skill would be an advantage jasonaddtec.co.uk Jason Hughes This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TechnicalSalesManager****Car_job****" "['technical', 'international', 'manufacturer', 'manage', 'existing', 'product', 'projects', 'opportunities', 'explored', 'identify', 'opportunities', 'increase', 'share', 'profitability', 'account', 'develop', 'relationships', 'customers', 'liaise', 'purchasing', 'manufacturing', 'quality', 'project', 'technical', 'automotive', 'technical', 'front', 'oem', 'customers', 'build', 'relationships', 'oem', 'customers', 'level', 'automotive', 'industrial', 'markets', 'identify', 'opportunities', 'technical', 'base', 'minimum', 'years', 'automotive', 'component', 'industry', 'technical', 'environment', 'similar', 'technical', 'operating', 'environment', 'advantage', 'interpersonal', 'italian', 'german', 'spanish', 'language', 'skill', 'advantage', 'jason', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking', 'car']" Sales
"Title: Business Development Manager  ICT in Schools  Chelmsford
Webindex: 68576082
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Business Development Manager  ICT in Schools Location: Chelmsford Permanent, Full Time Contract Salary:" 3 data/Sales\Job_00752.txt " Business Development Manager  ICT in Schools  Chelmsford" " 68576082" " UKStaffsearch" " Business Development Manager  ICT in Schools Location: Chelmsford Permanent, Full Time Contract Salary:" "['ict', 'schools', 'location', 'chelmsford', 'permanent', 'time', 'contract']" Sales
"Title: New Business Sales Consultant
Webindex: 69228108
Description: Our Customer a leading provider of Trader Voice Systems is seeking to recruit a New Business Sales Consultant to operate in a highly competitive industry. Ideally you will have a background in the Financial Industry developing a pipeline of new business customers into the financial markets and drive significant growth of products, services and solutions. This is an entirely new business focused role. You must be tenacious and prepared to cold call in order to break open new prospects and accounts. Additionally you will be responsible for building relationships with consultants and be prepared to network extensively in the City of London. You must have the ability to build relationships from user to CTO and CEO level. You will be a self starter with high levels of energy, have a strong drive for results and a high level of tenacity. Future Generation Recruitment is acting as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy. We will never send out your details without your prior permission." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00408.txt " New Business Sales Consultant" " 69228108"  " Our Customer a leading provider of Trader Voice Systems is seeking to recruit a New Business Sales Consultant to operate in a highly competitive industry. Ideally you will have a background in the Financial Industry developing a pipeline of new business customers into the financial markets and drive significant growth of products, services and solutions. This is an entirely new business focused role. You must be tenacious and prepared to cold call in order to break open new prospects and accounts. Additionally you will be responsible for building relationships with consultants and be prepared to network extensively in the City of London. You must have the ability to build relationships from user to CTO and CEO level. You will be a self starter with high levels of energy, have a strong drive for results and a high level of tenacity. Future Generation Recruitment is acting as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy. We will never send out your details without your prior permission." "['provider', 'voice', 'seeking', 'recruit', 'consultant', 'operate', 'highly', 'competitive', 'industry', 'ideally', 'background', 'industry', 'developing', 'pipeline', 'customers', 'markets', 'drive', 'significant', 'growth', 'products', 'solutions', 'focused', 'tenacious', 'prepared', 'cold', 'call', 'order', 'break', 'open', 'prospects', 'accounts', 'additionally', 'responsible', 'building', 'relationships', 'consultants', 'prepared', 'network', 'extensively', 'city', 'london', 'build', 'relationships', 'user', 'ceo', 'level', 'starter', 'levels', 'energy', 'drive', 'results', 'level', 'tenacity', 'future', 'generation', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'vacancy', 'send', 'details', 'prior', 'permission']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: PA to Managing Partner
Webindex: 70758175
Company: Wells Tobias
Description: A brand new position has arisen within a highly interesting Boutique Venture capital firm based near Victoria this is a highly exciting new position to start ASAP. In this role you will be supported the CEO, CFO and a team of 4 analysts. You will be managing busy diaries with ever changing meetings, booking global travel arrangements so you must be able to work across different timezones and have previously booked European travel. As well as other secretarial duties such as expenses, creating Excel Spreadsheets and dealing with any incoming queries or issues such as couriers and visitors to the office. The ideal candidate will have excellent communication skills, be able to work well on there own and also as part of a team. You will have a high attention to detail and enjoy a role that is different everyday and requires you to work well of your own initiative. You will ideally be of graduate callibre, European languages are an added bonus for this position and above all you will thoroughly enjoy being a PA. This position is to start ASAP please send your CV in if you have the relevant experience" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00400.txt " PA to Managing Partner" " 70758175" " Wells Tobias" " A brand new position has arisen within a highly interesting Boutique Venture capital firm based near Victoria this is a highly exciting new position to start ASAP. In this role you will be supported the CEO, CFO and a team of 4 analysts. You will be managing busy diaries with ever changing meetings, booking global travel arrangements so you must be able to work across different timezones and have previously booked European travel. As well as other secretarial duties such as expenses, creating Excel Spreadsheets and dealing with any incoming queries or issues such as couriers and visitors to the office. The ideal candidate will have excellent communication skills, be able to work well on there own and also as part of a team. You will have a high attention to detail and enjoy a role that is different everyday and requires you to work well of your own initiative. You will ideally be of graduate callibre, European languages are an added bonus for this position and above all you will thoroughly enjoy being a PA. This position is to start ASAP please send your CV in if you have the relevant experience" "['brand', 'arisen', 'highly', 'interesting', 'boutique', 'venture', 'capital', 'firm', 'highly', 'exciting', 'start', 'asap', 'supported', 'ceo', 'cfo', 'analysts', 'managing', 'busy', 'changing', 'meetings', 'booking', 'global', 'travel', 'arrangements', 'previously', 'booked', 'european', 'travel', 'secretarial', 'duties', 'expenses', 'creating', 'excel', 'spreadsheets', 'dealing', 'incoming', 'queries', 'issues', 'visitors', 'office', 'ideal', 'communication', 'part', 'attention', 'detail', 'enjoy', 'everyday', 'requires', 'initiative', 'ideally', 'graduate', 'european', 'languages', 'added', 'bonus', 'enjoy', 'pa', 'start', 'asap', 'send', 'cv', 'relevant']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: EBuild Project Manager
Webindex: 69558397
Company: Reed Property Construction
Description: Plan and manage scoping and delivery of all ebuilds across a wide geographical area Follow, adhere, implement and improve on required H&S and Quality processes Use specialist skills to support the projects and PMO teams in delivering more technically/contractually complex works.Manage and enhance customer relationships to generate future works. Manage suppliers and subcontractors and provide feedback on performance for future works. Provide operational level reporting of projects and programs to ensure performance against agreed milestones. To ensure VW policy and procedures are appropriate and implemented throughout the business. Manage, report and progress ebuild variations to contract, instructions, early warning notifications. Support the ebuild Manager in the preparation of monthly invoice data Ability to produce detailed project documentation using Microsoft Project and Microsoft Office packages. Sound commercial understanding of all aspects of assigned works and library of rates Review supplier performance, price submissions and negotiate to secure best possible deals. Demonstrable ability to mange the delivery of projects to fixed cost and ensures value for money Review and manage ebuild finances for assigned ebuilds to ensure and enhance margin Assess, mitigate and report on the risks involved in delivery of ebuilds and KPI and SLA failure. Develop, maintain and improve effective client relationships. Effective communications with client and Monteray operational teams. Ensures contractual agreements documented and archived To proactively work with the PMO team and interface with the client organisation. Accountable for specific areas of responsibility and deliverables and manages the associated risks. Delivers activities to support operational objectives for their specific contract, project or specialism. Inputs to planning activities with horizons of typically 6 months to one year. Operates within agreed operational and/or management guidelines. Interacts with client or users around specific work efforts and deliverables. Supports delivery of Health and Safety policy and standards. Manages the activities of others to meet deadlines and quality standards taking account of impact outside area of responsibility. Focus of work is predominantly against defined targets but performs a range of tasks from complex to straightforward Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00157.txt " EBuild Project Manager" " 69558397" " Reed Property Construction" " Plan and manage scoping and delivery of all ebuilds across a wide geographical area Follow, adhere, implement and improve on required H&S and Quality processes Use specialist skills to support the projects and PMO teams in delivering more technically/contractually complex works.Manage and enhance customer relationships to generate future works. Manage suppliers and subcontractors and provide feedback on performance for future works. Provide operational level reporting of projects and programs to ensure performance against agreed milestones. To ensure VW policy and procedures are appropriate and implemented throughout the business. Manage, report and progress ebuild variations to contract, instructions, early warning notifications. Support the ebuild Manager in the preparation of monthly invoice data Ability to produce detailed project documentation using Microsoft Project and Microsoft Office packages. Sound commercial understanding of all aspects of assigned works and library of rates Review supplier performance, price submissions and negotiate to secure best possible deals. Demonstrable ability to mange the delivery of projects to fixed cost and ensures value for money Review and manage ebuild finances for assigned ebuilds to ensure and enhance margin Assess, mitigate and report on the risks involved in delivery of ebuilds and KPI and SLA failure. Develop, maintain and improve effective client relationships. Effective communications with client and Monteray operational teams. Ensures contractual agreements documented and archived To proactively work with the PMO team and interface with the client organisation. Accountable for specific areas of responsibility and deliverables and manages the associated risks. Delivers activities to support operational objectives for their specific contract, project or specialism. Inputs to planning activities with horizons of typically 6 months to one year. Operates within agreed operational and/or management guidelines. Interacts with client or users around specific work efforts and deliverables. Supports delivery of Health and Safety policy and standards. Manages the activities of others to meet deadlines and quality standards taking account of impact outside area of responsibility. Focus of work is predominantly against defined targets but performs a range of tasks from complex to straightforward Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business" "['plan', 'manage', 'scoping', 'delivery', 'ebuilds', 'wide', 'geographical', 'area', 'follow', 'adhere', 'implement', 'improve', 'quality', 'processes', 'specialist', 'projects', 'pmo', 'teams', 'delivering', 'technically', 'complex', 'works', 'manage', 'enhance', 'relationships', 'generate', 'future', 'works', 'manage', 'suppliers', 'subcontractors', 'feedback', 'performance', 'future', 'works', 'operational', 'level', 'reporting', 'projects', 'programs', 'performance', 'agreed', 'milestones', 'policy', 'procedures', 'implemented', 'manage', 'report', 'progress', 'ebuild', 'variations', 'contract', 'instructions', 'early', 'warning', 'ebuild', 'preparation', 'monthly', 'invoice', 'data', 'produce', 'detailed', 'project', 'documentation', 'microsoft', 'project', 'microsoft', 'office', 'packages', 'sound', 'commercial', 'understanding', 'aspects', 'assigned', 'works', 'library', 'rates', 'review', 'supplier', 'performance', 'price', 'submissions', 'negotiate', 'secure', 'deals', 'demonstrable', 'delivery', 'projects', 'fixed', 'cost', 'ensures', 'money', 'review', 'manage', 'ebuild', 'finances', 'assigned', 'ebuilds', 'enhance', 'margin', 'assess', 'mitigate', 'report', 'risks', 'involved', 'delivery', 'ebuilds', 'kpi', 'sla', 'failure', 'develop', 'maintain', 'improve', 'effective', 'relationships', 'effective', 'communications', 'operational', 'teams', 'ensures', 'contractual', 'agreements', 'documented', 'proactively', 'pmo', 'interface', 'organisation', 'accountable', 'specific', 'areas', 'responsibility', 'deliverables', 'manages', 'risks', 'delivers', 'activities', 'operational', 'objectives', 'specific', 'contract', 'project', 'specialism', 'inputs', 'planning', 'activities', 'horizons', 'typically', 'months', 'year', 'operates', 'agreed', 'operational', 'guidelines', 'interacts', 'users', 'specific', 'efforts', 'deliverables', 'supports', 'delivery', 'health', 'safety', 'policy', 'standards', 'manages', 'activities', 'meet', 'deadlines', 'quality', 'standards', 'taking', 'account', 'impact', 'area', 'responsibility', 'focus', 'predominantly', 'defined', 'targets', 'performs', 'range', 'tasks', 'complex', 'straightforward', 'specialist', 'limited', 'employment', 'agency', 'employment']" Engineering
"Title: Fabricator Welder
Webindex: 69080365
Company: Prime Time Recruitment
Description: My client has an immediate requirement for a fabricator for site restoration work based within the Wirral area. The successful person will be experienced in fabrication and welding of Carbon steel, Stainless Steel, Cast Iron and Aluminium. The successful applicant would also have experience with operating industrial guillotines. This is a temporary to permanent position and you must hold a current CSCS card. The hours of work are 8am to 4pm Monday to Friday with overtime available" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00186.txt " Fabricator Welder" " 69080365" " Prime Time Recruitment" " My client has an immediate requirement for a fabricator for site restoration work based within the Wirral area. The successful person will be experienced in fabrication and welding of Carbon steel, Stainless Steel, Cast Iron and Aluminium. The successful applicant would also have experience with operating industrial guillotines. This is a temporary to permanent position and you must hold a current CSCS card. The hours of work are 8am to 4pm Monday to Friday with overtime available" "['requirement', 'site', 'restoration', 'area', 'person', 'experienced', 'fabrication', 'welding', 'carbon', 'steel', 'stainless', 'steel', 'iron', 'aluminium', 'applicant', 'operating', 'industrial', 'temporary', 'permanent', 'hold', 'current', 'card', 'hours', 'pm', 'monday', 'friday', 'overtime']" Engineering
"Title: Nurse Manager  Chichester area
Webindex: 72627933
Company: Hammond Recruitment
Description: Nurse manager Location: Chichester area The salary is circa ****k depending on experience. My client is looking for a Nurse Manager RGN with RMA (Registered Managers Award) or equivalent to work in an Elderly nursing home Skills and Experience Required  They must be a RGN and have there RMA (Registered Managers Award) or equivalent  Must experience as a manager of a nursing home.  Must have Experience working with Dementia/ Elderly clients Nurse Manager Location:&x2013 Chichester area The salary is circa ****k depending on experience. My client is looking for a Nurse Manager RGN with RMA (Registered Managers Award) or equivalent to run an Elderly/Dementia/Frail nursing home Skills and Experience Required for Nurse Manager role  They must be an RGN and have there RMA (Registered Managers Award) or equivalent  Should have experience working with Elderly/Dementia clients.  Must have experience as a Nurse manager.  If you believe you have the right experience and qualifications for the Nurse Manager role please forward your CV clearly indicating why your background fits the criteria. Contact: lewishrguk.com Hammond Recruitment Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00589.txt " Nurse Manager  Chichester area" " 72627933" " Hammond Recruitment" " Nurse manager Location: Chichester area The salary is circa ****k depending on experience. My client is looking for a Nurse Manager RGN with RMA (Registered Managers Award) or equivalent to work in an Elderly nursing home Skills and Experience Required  They must be a RGN and have there RMA (Registered Managers Award) or equivalent  Must experience as a manager of a nursing home.  Must have Experience working with Dementia/ Elderly clients Nurse Manager Location:&x2013 Chichester area The salary is circa ****k depending on experience. My client is looking for a Nurse Manager RGN with RMA (Registered Managers Award) or equivalent to run an Elderly/Dementia/Frail nursing home Skills and Experience Required for Nurse Manager role  They must be an RGN and have there RMA (Registered Managers Award) or equivalent  Should have experience working with Elderly/Dementia clients.  Must have experience as a Nurse manager.  If you believe you have the right experience and qualifications for the Nurse Manager role please forward your CV clearly indicating why your background fits the criteria. Contact: lewishrguk.com Hammond Recruitment Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy." "['nurse', 'location', 'chichester', 'area', 'circa', 'depending', 'nurse', 'rgn', 'rma', 'registered', 'managers', 'award', 'equivalent', 'elderly', 'nursing', 'rgn', 'rma', 'registered', 'managers', 'award', 'equivalent', 'nursing', 'dementia', 'elderly', 'nurse', 'location', 'chichester', 'area', 'circa', 'depending', 'nurse', 'rgn', 'rma', 'registered', 'managers', 'award', 'equivalent', 'run', 'elderly', 'dementia', 'frail', 'nursing', 'nurse', 'rgn', 'rma', 'registered', 'managers', 'award', 'equivalent', 'elderly', 'dementia', 'nurse', 'qualifications', 'nurse', 'forward', 'cv', 'background', 'fits', 'criteria', 'contact', 'hammond', 'group', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'vacancy']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Eco deal Surveyor / Sales Advisor
Webindex: 69768475
Company: ENERGYADVICEUK
Description: EXPERIENCED CAVITY WALL AND LOFT SURVEYORS NEEDED TO WORK UNDER THE ECO DEAL MAINLY FOCUSING ON SPG HARD TO TREAT CAVITIES, WITH SOLID WALL AND BOILER REPLACEMENT COMING LATER IN THE YEAR WE HAVE **** YEAR CONTRACTS IN PLACE TO SECURE WORK **** PER MEASURE MUST HAVE PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE OR A STRONG SALES BACK GROUND AND MUST HAVE OWN TRANSPORT AND TOOLS THIS IS A SELF EMPLOYED ROLE CONTACT DEAN ON **** FOR MORE INFORMATIO" 3 data/Sales\Job_00753.txt " Eco deal Surveyor / Sales Advisor" " 69768475" " ENERGYADVICEUK" " EXPERIENCED CAVITY WALL AND LOFT SURVEYORS NEEDED TO WORK UNDER THE ECO DEAL MAINLY FOCUSING ON SPG HARD TO TREAT CAVITIES, WITH SOLID WALL AND BOILER REPLACEMENT COMING LATER IN THE YEAR WE HAVE **** YEAR CONTRACTS IN PLACE TO SECURE WORK **** PER MEASURE MUST HAVE PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE OR A STRONG SALES BACK GROUND AND MUST HAVE OWN TRANSPORT AND TOOLS THIS IS A SELF EMPLOYED ROLE CONTACT DEAN ON **** FOR MORE INFORMATIO" "['experienced', 'wall', 'surveyors', 'needed', 'eco', 'deal', 'focusing', 'hard', 'treat', 'solid', 'wall', 'boiler', 'replacement', 'coming', 'year', 'year', 'contracts', 'place', 'secure', 'measure', 'previous', 'back', 'ground', 'transport', 'tools', 'employed', 'contact']" Sales
"Title: Senior Brokers  London  ****K Basic  ****K OTE
Webindex: 68257221
Company: Zest 2 Recruitment
Description: Our client is one of the most successful UK Alternative Investment companies in London who are looking to grow and expand their team enabling them to take control of the market by the end of ****012. Situated in the heart of the Capital we offer a large portfolio of Investors with a database that cannot be rivalled. Diamonds, Rare Metals, Property, and Wine being some of their investments and are now interested in taking on Senior Brokers who are interested in selling Rare Earth Metals. If you are energetic and ambitious and posses the skills to sell then why not get in touch today Get an interview this week and new job next week If you want to know more about this role then Contact Liam at Liamzest2recruitment.com This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorBrokersLondon****KBasic****KOTE_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00663.txt " Senior Brokers  London  ****K Basic  ****K OTE" " 68257221" " Zest 2 Recruitment" " Our client is one of the most successful UK Alternative Investment companies in London who are looking to grow and expand their team enabling them to take control of the market by the end of ****012. Situated in the heart of the Capital we offer a large portfolio of Investors with a database that cannot be rivalled. Diamonds, Rare Metals, Property, and Wine being some of their investments and are now interested in taking on Senior Brokers who are interested in selling Rare Earth Metals. If you are energetic and ambitious and posses the skills to sell then why not get in touch today Get an interview this week and new job next week If you want to know more about this role then Contact Liam at Liamzest2recruitment.com This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorBrokersLondon****KBasic****KOTE_job****" "['alternative', 'investment', 'companies', 'london', 'grow', 'expand', 'enabling', 'control', 'market', 'end', 'situated', 'heart', 'capital', 'offer', 'large', 'portfolio', 'investors', 'database', 'rare', 'metals', 'property', 'wine', 'investments', 'interested', 'taking', 'senior', 'brokers', 'interested', 'selling', 'rare', 'metals', 'energetic', 'ambitious', 'posses', 'sell', 'touch', 'today', 'interview', 'week', 'week', 'contact', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'salestarget', 'jobseeking', 'kbasic', 'kote']" Sales
"Title: Regional Sales Manager  Industrial Solutions
Webindex: 71198896
Company: SRS Consultancy Services Limited
Description: Regional Sales Manager  Industrial Solutions Scotland About Us: We are a global manufacturer and a market leader in the UK. Our business is still growing at approximately ****  15% per year in this country and we are continuing to invest in new product development and acquisitions. Due to expansion we are now looking for an experienced industrial sales person to continue our impressive levels of growth in Scotland. The Role: We promote a range of systems that have applications across a variety of industries including Oil Gas, Petrochem, Utilities, Food, Drinks, Dairy and Utilities dealing with a variety of engineering and purchasing contacts. Your focus will be to develop further business with existing accounts as we have a host of new products to take to the market this year. This territory exceeded budget last year and we expect further growth in 2013. The Person: Ideally you will be an applicationsled sales person with an understanding of our core markets, for example Oil Gas, Petrochem and general Process. Applications will be considered from strong technical candidates with some exposure to sales. You will not be disappointed with the career opportunities on offer in the medium term. The Rewards: A basic salary of ****  **** is on offer along with a bonus scheme which will add another ****  **** per annum to your overall package, along with company car, private healthcare and contributory pension scheme. How to Apply: This position is being handled by our preferred Scottish recruitment partner, Sales Recruit Scotland. Please submit your application online or by contacting Robert McGougan on **** **** **** Sales Recruit Scotland  We connect great sales people with great companies. We recruit at all levels from internal sales, sales executive, sales engineer, area sales manager, territory sales manager, business development manager, regional sales manager, national sales manager and sales director. Each candidate is interviewed during a thorough prescreen process to ensure their needs are clarified and catered for. This vacancy is being advertised by Sales Recruit Scotland. The services offered by Sales Recruit Scotland are those of an employment agency." 3 data/Sales\Job_00665.txt " Regional Sales Manager  Industrial Solutions" " 71198896" " SRS Consultancy Services Limited" " Regional Sales Manager  Industrial Solutions Scotland About Us: We are a global manufacturer and a market leader in the UK. Our business is still growing at approximately ****  15% per year in this country and we are continuing to invest in new product development and acquisitions. Due to expansion we are now looking for an experienced industrial sales person to continue our impressive levels of growth in Scotland. The Role: We promote a range of systems that have applications across a variety of industries including Oil Gas, Petrochem, Utilities, Food, Drinks, Dairy and Utilities dealing with a variety of engineering and purchasing contacts. Your focus will be to develop further business with existing accounts as we have a host of new products to take to the market this year. This territory exceeded budget last year and we expect further growth in 2013. The Person: Ideally you will be an applicationsled sales person with an understanding of our core markets, for example Oil Gas, Petrochem and general Process. Applications will be considered from strong technical candidates with some exposure to sales. You will not be disappointed with the career opportunities on offer in the medium term. The Rewards: A basic salary of ****  **** is on offer along with a bonus scheme which will add another ****  **** per annum to your overall package, along with company car, private healthcare and contributory pension scheme. How to Apply: This position is being handled by our preferred Scottish recruitment partner, Sales Recruit Scotland. Please submit your application online or by contacting Robert McGougan on **** **** **** Sales Recruit Scotland  We connect great sales people with great companies. We recruit at all levels from internal sales, sales executive, sales engineer, area sales manager, territory sales manager, business development manager, regional sales manager, national sales manager and sales director. Each candidate is interviewed during a thorough prescreen process to ensure their needs are clarified and catered for. This vacancy is being advertised by Sales Recruit Scotland. The services offered by Sales Recruit Scotland are those of an employment agency." "['regional', 'industrial', 'solutions', 'scotland', 'global', 'manufacturer', 'market', 'leader', 'growing', 'approximately', 'year', 'country', 'continuing', 'invest', 'product', 'acquisitions', 'due', 'expansion', 'experienced', 'industrial', 'person', 'continue', 'impressive', 'levels', 'growth', 'scotland', 'promote', 'range', 'applications', 'variety', 'industries', 'oil', 'gas', 'petrochem', 'utilities', 'food', 'drinks', 'utilities', 'dealing', 'variety', 'purchasing', 'contacts', 'focus', 'develop', 'existing', 'accounts', 'host', 'products', 'market', 'year', 'territory', 'exceeded', 'budget', 'year', 'expect', 'growth', 'person', 'ideally', 'person', 'understanding', 'core', 'markets', 'oil', 'gas', 'petrochem', 'general', 'process', 'applications', 'considered', 'technical', 'candidates', 'exposure', 'career', 'opportunities', 'offer', 'medium', 'term', 'rewards', 'basic', 'offer', 'bonus', 'scheme', 'add', 'annum', 'package', 'car', 'private', 'healthcare', 'contributory', 'pension', 'scheme', 'handled', 'preferred', 'scottish', 'partner', 'recruit', 'scotland', 'submit', 'application', 'online', 'contacting', 'robert', 'recruit', 'scotland', 'great', 'people', 'great', 'companies', 'recruit', 'levels', 'internal', 'executive', 'area', 'territory', 'regional', 'national', 'director', 'interviewed', 'process', 'vacancy', 'advertised', 'recruit', 'scotland', 'offered', 'recruit', 'scotland', 'employment', 'agency']" Sales
"Title: IT Assurance Senior  Insurance Consulting  ****K
Webindex: 68299652
Company: Austin Andrew
Description: IT Assurance Senior  Insurance Consulting  ****K A well respected toptier Consulting firm currently requires an IT Assurance Senior to join a specialist team responsible for providing assurance to Insurance clients. This position will pay to **** plus benefits. Reporting to the Assurance Director, your primary responsibility will be to provide IT support for internal audit, IT aspect of internal controls and IT assurance for external audit clients in the Insurance industry. The ideal candidate will be able to demonstrate experience covering IT Governance, Risk Management, IT Security Business Continuity, IT Project Management and CAATs. Candidates holding the CISA or CISSP certification and a background in Financial Services consulting would be highly desirable." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00421.txt " IT Assurance Senior  Insurance Consulting  ****K" " 68299652" " Austin Andrew" " IT Assurance Senior  Insurance Consulting  ****K A well respected toptier Consulting firm currently requires an IT Assurance Senior to join a specialist team responsible for providing assurance to Insurance clients. This position will pay to **** plus benefits. Reporting to the Assurance Director, your primary responsibility will be to provide IT support for internal audit, IT aspect of internal controls and IT assurance for external audit clients in the Insurance industry. The ideal candidate will be able to demonstrate experience covering IT Governance, Risk Management, IT Security Business Continuity, IT Project Management and CAATs. Candidates holding the CISA or CISSP certification and a background in Financial Services consulting would be highly desirable." "['assurance', 'senior', 'insurance', 'consulting', 'respected', 'consulting', 'firm', 'requires', 'assurance', 'senior', 'specialist', 'responsible', 'providing', 'assurance', 'insurance', 'pay', 'benefits', 'reporting', 'assurance', 'director', 'primary', 'responsibility', 'internal', 'audit', 'aspect', 'internal', 'controls', 'assurance', 'external', 'audit', 'insurance', 'industry', 'ideal', 'demonstrate', 'covering', 'governance', 'risk', 'security', 'continuity', 'project', 'candidates', 'holding', 'certification', 'background', 'consulting', 'highly', 'desirable']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Commercial Accountant
Webindex: 71428404
Company: Page Personnel Finance
Description: Our client is seeking a Commercial Accountant to join their Finance team near Wheatley, Oxfordshire. The role will involve: Analysis and reporting of sales order intake and margins for UK sales Monthly analysis of sales provisions Monthly reconciliation of accruals Completion of VAT and Corporation Tax assessments Review and report on the internal control procedures and risk analysis The successful candidate will be Part Qualified ACCA or CIMA with significant commercial accounting and analysis experience. You must be able to work to strict deadlines, manage pressure and be a team player. The PQE identified on this advertisement is a guide only and does not preclude applications from those with more or less PQE. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Our client is a successful large business with operations across the globe, based in a countryside location easily accessible from the M40. Spacious offices, an impressive business, commercial role offers a very attractive opportunity for the right candidate. The salary on offer is ****  **** dependent upon experience, plus a generous study package. Your application will be reviewed by Page Personnel. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Page Personnel is a leading UK recruitment consultancy This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommercialAccountant_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00368.txt " Commercial Accountant" " 71428404" " Page Personnel Finance" " Our client is seeking a Commercial Accountant to join their Finance team near Wheatley, Oxfordshire. The role will involve: Analysis and reporting of sales order intake and margins for UK sales Monthly analysis of sales provisions Monthly reconciliation of accruals Completion of VAT and Corporation Tax assessments Review and report on the internal control procedures and risk analysis The successful candidate will be Part Qualified ACCA or CIMA with significant commercial accounting and analysis experience. You must be able to work to strict deadlines, manage pressure and be a team player. The PQE identified on this advertisement is a guide only and does not preclude applications from those with more or less PQE. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Our client is a successful large business with operations across the globe, based in a countryside location easily accessible from the M40. Spacious offices, an impressive business, commercial role offers a very attractive opportunity for the right candidate. The salary on offer is ****  **** dependent upon experience, plus a generous study package. Your application will be reviewed by Page Personnel. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Page Personnel is a leading UK recruitment consultancy This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommercialAccountant_job****" "['seeking', 'commercial', 'accountant', 'finance', 'oxfordshire', 'involve', 'analysis', 'reporting', 'order', 'intake', 'margins', 'monthly', 'analysis', 'provisions', 'monthly', 'reconciliation', 'accruals', 'completion', 'vat', 'corporation', 'tax', 'assessments', 'review', 'report', 'internal', 'control', 'procedures', 'risk', 'analysis', 'part', 'qualified', 'acca', 'cima', 'significant', 'commercial', 'accounting', 'analysis', 'strict', 'deadlines', 'manage', 'pressure', 'player', 'pqe', 'identified', 'advertisement', 'guide', 'preclude', 'applications', 'pqe', 'specific', 'qualifications', 'account', 'overseas', 'equivalents', 'large', 'operations', 'globe', 'countryside', 'location', 'easily', 'accessible', 'spacious', 'offices', 'impressive', 'commercial', 'offers', 'attractive', 'offer', 'dependent', 'generous', 'study', 'package', 'application', 'reviewed', 'page', 'personnel', 'aware', 'receive', 'volume', 'applications', 'advertised', 'regularly', 'receive', 'applications', 'candidates', 'exceed', 'credentials', 'contact', 'days', 'selected', 'interview', 'page', 'personnel', 'consultancy', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Community Nurse  Stafford
Webindex: 67151783
Company: Search Consultancy Ltd
Description: COMMUNITY NURSES **** NORTH STAFFORDSHIRE Search Medical are currently looking for community nurses to work in North Staffordshire. You will be working as part of a team, including rapid response. Should you be interested in further information, please contact Lisa Matthews on **** **** **** or email lisa.matthewssearch.co.uk" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00447.txt " Community Nurse  Stafford" " 67151783" " Search Consultancy Ltd" " COMMUNITY NURSES **** NORTH STAFFORDSHIRE Search Medical are currently looking for community nurses to work in North Staffordshire. You will be working as part of a team, including rapid response. Should you be interested in further information, please contact Lisa Matthews on **** **** **** or email lisa.matthewssearch.co.uk" "['community', 'nurses', 'north', 'staffordshire', 'search', 'medical', 'community', 'nurses', 'north', 'staffordshire', 'part', 'rapid', 'response', 'interested', 'information', 'contact', 'lisa', 'email', 'lisa']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Sales Executive
Webindex: 72460729
Company: Cooper Golding Ltd
Description: Job Title Sales Executive Location Barnstaple Salary **** ****  Uncapped Commission The company Our Client is a leading independent consultancy specialising in reducing corporate Mobile Communications and Fixed Line Telecoms costs. They partner with major networks and providers and have strong relationships with many of the leading companies within the telecoms sector. Who we are looking for? An exceptional Telesales Executive who can derive their own database from cold calling. You will have at least 2 years B2B sales experience and have tenacity, desire and a passion to succeed. Able to close deals and Account Manage clients once on board, maximising spend and increasing your own bonus What will you do? As an Internal Sales Executive your target market will be the SME sector. You will be required to meet monthly sales targets by developing new business opportunities and establish a customer base via cold calling. Candidates are expected to account manage their own client base, as customer retention is paramount you must be committed to delivering the very best customer experience to your clients. What do you get in return? In return you will receive a competitive basic salary with uncapped commission. Industry specific training from an intensive 3 week training course and the opportunity to earn a lucrative salary in an idyllic location." 3 data/Sales\Job_00653.txt " Sales Executive" " 72460729" " Cooper Golding Ltd" " Job Title Sales Executive Location Barnstaple Salary **** ****  Uncapped Commission The company Our Client is a leading independent consultancy specialising in reducing corporate Mobile Communications and Fixed Line Telecoms costs. They partner with major networks and providers and have strong relationships with many of the leading companies within the telecoms sector. Who we are looking for? An exceptional Telesales Executive who can derive their own database from cold calling. You will have at least 2 years B2B sales experience and have tenacity, desire and a passion to succeed. Able to close deals and Account Manage clients once on board, maximising spend and increasing your own bonus What will you do? As an Internal Sales Executive your target market will be the SME sector. You will be required to meet monthly sales targets by developing new business opportunities and establish a customer base via cold calling. Candidates are expected to account manage their own client base, as customer retention is paramount you must be committed to delivering the very best customer experience to your clients. What do you get in return? In return you will receive a competitive basic salary with uncapped commission. Industry specific training from an intensive 3 week training course and the opportunity to earn a lucrative salary in an idyllic location." "['title', 'executive', 'location', 'uncapped', 'commission', 'independent', 'consultancy', 'specialising', 'reducing', 'corporate', 'mobile', 'communications', 'fixed', 'line', 'telecoms', 'costs', 'partner', 'major', 'networks', 'providers', 'relationships', 'companies', 'telecoms', 'sector', 'exceptional', 'telesales', 'executive', 'derive', 'database', 'cold', 'calling', 'years', 'tenacity', 'desire', 'passion', 'succeed', 'close', 'deals', 'account', 'manage', 'board', 'maximising', 'spend', 'increasing', 'bonus', 'internal', 'executive', 'target', 'market', 'sme', 'sector', 'meet', 'monthly', 'targets', 'developing', 'opportunities', 'establish', 'base', 'cold', 'calling', 'candidates', 'expected', 'account', 'manage', 'base', 'retention', 'paramount', 'committed', 'delivering', 'return', 'return', 'receive', 'competitive', 'basic', 'uncapped', 'commission', 'industry', 'specific', 'intensive', 'week', 'earn', 'lucrative', 'location']" Sales
"Title: Senior Mechanical Design Engineer
Webindex: 71685513
Company: Meridian Business Support Limited
Description: Our client is a small but rapidly expanding global technology company with a range of career opportunities as part of its ambitious growth plan. The company develops and markets vision correction eyewear for both commercial and humanitarian markets and its innovative lens technology provides many uniques advantages that are unmatched by other product offerings in the market place. They are seeking a Senior Mechanical Design Engineer to ensure that technical design meets the technical requirement of the specification and is delivered in line with the aesthetic and user requirements. Duties will include concept design and selection, design for manufacture, input into dfMEA s, assist in transfer of product from development into manufacturing. Candidates will have an extensive background in the design and manufacture in a commercial organisation, will have worked with a variety of manufacturing techniques in a number of different materials, and have experience of intricate mechanism and small scale design and seal design. Experience of ****D ****D CAD and CAD data management, preferably SolidWorks is essential and a knowledge of optics and optical design or medical device design and associated requirements would be highly advantageous. Our client also has a vacancy for an intermediate level Mechanical Design Engineer. This is a fantastic opportunity to develop your career and contribute to the growth of an exciting and forwardthinking company. Our client is highly motivated to interview candidates as soon as possible so if you have the required experience please apply immediately.Meridian Business Support are acting on behalf of our Clients as a Recruitment Agency." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00064.txt " Senior Mechanical Design Engineer" " 71685513" " Meridian Business Support Limited" " Our client is a small but rapidly expanding global technology company with a range of career opportunities as part of its ambitious growth plan. The company develops and markets vision correction eyewear for both commercial and humanitarian markets and its innovative lens technology provides many uniques advantages that are unmatched by other product offerings in the market place. They are seeking a Senior Mechanical Design Engineer to ensure that technical design meets the technical requirement of the specification and is delivered in line with the aesthetic and user requirements. Duties will include concept design and selection, design for manufacture, input into dfMEA s, assist in transfer of product from development into manufacturing. Candidates will have an extensive background in the design and manufacture in a commercial organisation, will have worked with a variety of manufacturing techniques in a number of different materials, and have experience of intricate mechanism and small scale design and seal design. Experience of ****D ****D CAD and CAD data management, preferably SolidWorks is essential and a knowledge of optics and optical design or medical device design and associated requirements would be highly advantageous. Our client also has a vacancy for an intermediate level Mechanical Design Engineer. This is a fantastic opportunity to develop your career and contribute to the growth of an exciting and forwardthinking company. Our client is highly motivated to interview candidates as soon as possible so if you have the required experience please apply immediately.Meridian Business Support are acting on behalf of our Clients as a Recruitment Agency." "['small', 'rapidly', 'expanding', 'global', 'technology', 'range', 'career', 'opportunities', 'part', 'ambitious', 'growth', 'plan', 'develops', 'markets', 'vision', 'correction', 'eyewear', 'commercial', 'markets', 'innovative', 'lens', 'technology', 'product', 'offerings', 'market', 'place', 'seeking', 'senior', 'mechanical', 'technical', 'meets', 'technical', 'requirement', 'specification', 'delivered', 'line', 'user', 'requirements', 'duties', 'include', 'concept', 'selection', 'manufacture', 'input', 'assist', 'product', 'manufacturing', 'candidates', 'extensive', 'background', 'manufacture', 'commercial', 'organisation', 'worked', 'variety', 'manufacturing', 'techniques', 'number', 'materials', 'mechanism', 'small', 'scale', 'cad', 'cad', 'data', 'preferably', 'solidworks', 'essential', 'optics', 'optical', 'medical', 'device', 'requirements', 'highly', 'advantageous', 'vacancy', 'intermediate', 'level', 'mechanical', 'fantastic', 'develop', 'career', 'contribute', 'growth', 'exciting', 'forwardthinking', 'highly', 'motivated', 'interview', 'candidates', 'immediately', 'meridian', 'acting', 'behalf', 'agency']" Engineering
"Title: Estate Agency Senior Sales Negotiator
Webindex: 72444142
Company: ESTATE AGENCY PROFESSIONALS
Description: Senior Sales Negotiator Location : Shoreditch Salary : **** depending on experience OTE ********k  car allowance Company : Bridge Shoreditch Job Type : Permanent Brilliant proven opportunity for a confident and experienced Sales Negotiator / Senior Sales Negotiator to join a well established independent estate agent with an excellent reputation and great office atmosphere. As a senior sales negotiator your role will involve : Generating leads, following these up and consistently aiming for high conversion rates. Working closely with the team to identify new business opportunities and generate new ideas. Ensuring that all customers receive a professional, efficient, friendly and personalised service. Ensuring that all financial targets are met and exceeded on a monthly basis. Consistently demonstrating the ability to preempt whilst fully understanding customer needs and requirements. Driving high value sales through the office. Complying with all relevant legislation relating to Money Laundering, Property Misdescriptions and the Estate Agency Act. The Individual Only those with experience within Hackney / Islington / Clerkenwell should apply. Only those with a minimum of 2 years experience in Estate Agency Sales should apply. Proven ability of meeting and exceeding sales targets. Local market knowledge is essential. Excellent team player skills. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Computer literacy  specifically with the ability to use MS Word, Excel and Outlook. A full and clean UK driving license and own car. Excellent customer service skills. Natural sales leadership that others can learn from. Self motivated, money hungry, desire to succeed. Well presented with excellent communication skills. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EstateAgencySeniorSalesNegotiator_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00776.txt " Estate Agency Senior Sales Negotiator" " 72444142" " ESTATE AGENCY PROFESSIONALS" " Senior Sales Negotiator Location : Shoreditch Salary : **** depending on experience OTE ********k  car allowance Company : Bridge Shoreditch Job Type : Permanent Brilliant proven opportunity for a confident and experienced Sales Negotiator / Senior Sales Negotiator to join a well established independent estate agent with an excellent reputation and great office atmosphere. As a senior sales negotiator your role will involve : Generating leads, following these up and consistently aiming for high conversion rates. Working closely with the team to identify new business opportunities and generate new ideas. Ensuring that all customers receive a professional, efficient, friendly and personalised service. Ensuring that all financial targets are met and exceeded on a monthly basis. Consistently demonstrating the ability to preempt whilst fully understanding customer needs and requirements. Driving high value sales through the office. Complying with all relevant legislation relating to Money Laundering, Property Misdescriptions and the Estate Agency Act. The Individual Only those with experience within Hackney / Islington / Clerkenwell should apply. Only those with a minimum of 2 years experience in Estate Agency Sales should apply. Proven ability of meeting and exceeding sales targets. Local market knowledge is essential. Excellent team player skills. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Computer literacy  specifically with the ability to use MS Word, Excel and Outlook. A full and clean UK driving license and own car. Excellent customer service skills. Natural sales leadership that others can learn from. Self motivated, money hungry, desire to succeed. Well presented with excellent communication skills. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EstateAgencySeniorSalesNegotiator_job****" "['senior', 'negotiator', 'location', 'shoreditch', 'depending', 'ote', 'car', 'allowance', 'bridge', 'shoreditch', 'type', 'permanent', 'brilliant', 'proven', 'confident', 'experienced', 'negotiator', 'senior', 'negotiator', 'established', 'independent', 'estate', 'agent', 'reputation', 'great', 'office', 'atmosphere', 'senior', 'negotiator', 'involve', 'generating', 'leads', 'consistently', 'conversion', 'rates', 'closely', 'identify', 'opportunities', 'generate', 'ideas', 'ensuring', 'customers', 'receive', 'professional', 'efficient', 'friendly', 'personalised', 'ensuring', 'targets', 'met', 'exceeded', 'monthly', 'basis', 'consistently', 'demonstrating', 'whilst', 'fully', 'understanding', 'requirements', 'driving', 'office', 'complying', 'relevant', 'legislation', 'relating', 'money', 'laundering', 'property', 'estate', 'agency', 'act', 'individual', 'minimum', 'years', 'estate', 'agency', 'proven', 'meeting', 'exceeding', 'targets', 'local', 'market', 'essential', 'player', 'oral', 'written', 'communication', 'computer', 'literacy', 'specifically', 'ms', 'word', 'excel', 'outlook', 'clean', 'driving', 'license', 'car', 'natural', 'leadership', 'learn', 'motivated', 'money', 'hungry', 'desire', 'succeed', 'presented', 'communication', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Pressure Crane Engineer Surveyors
Webindex: 69079024
Company: Thatcher Energy
Description: Our client is one of the worlds leading Verification and assessment companies. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a career foccused and high achieving company a time of great expansion. Experience s and inspections are carried out in set time scales inline with planned schedule  Formulate, produce and distribute inspection reports in a professional manner within daily timescales and service standards.  Work closely with Regional Planner to ensure the plan is completed on a daily basis, any change must be communicated to the planner  Provide, build and maintain excellent client relationships and ensure that all customer service standards are met.  Maintain an awareness of developments in standards and legislation affecting the Engineer Surveyor s engineering discipline, and support change as required.  Act on behalf of the company, making full use of technical expertise, when required.  Provide training for other Engineer Surveyors as required.  Identify any possible business opportunities and advise all appropriate business areas.  Maintain technical standards within business units to meet business plan measures participating in Technical Competency Testing and Technical Audits (internal and external).  Work effectively with Area Managers and Regional Directors to ensure all Regions KPIs are met If this role is of potential interest to you and you d like further information or a confidential discussion regarding this role" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00100.txt " Pressure Crane Engineer Surveyors" " 69079024" " Thatcher Energy" " Our client is one of the worlds leading Verification and assessment companies. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a career foccused and high achieving company a time of great expansion. Experience s and inspections are carried out in set time scales inline with planned schedule  Formulate, produce and distribute inspection reports in a professional manner within daily timescales and service standards.  Work closely with Regional Planner to ensure the plan is completed on a daily basis, any change must be communicated to the planner  Provide, build and maintain excellent client relationships and ensure that all customer service standards are met.  Maintain an awareness of developments in standards and legislation affecting the Engineer Surveyor s engineering discipline, and support change as required.  Act on behalf of the company, making full use of technical expertise, when required.  Provide training for other Engineer Surveyors as required.  Identify any possible business opportunities and advise all appropriate business areas.  Maintain technical standards within business units to meet business plan measures participating in Technical Competency Testing and Technical Audits (internal and external).  Work effectively with Area Managers and Regional Directors to ensure all Regions KPIs are met If this role is of potential interest to you and you d like further information or a confidential discussion regarding this role" "['worlds', 'verification', 'assessment', 'companies', 'fantastic', 'career', 'achieving', 'time', 'great', 'expansion', 'inspections', 'carried', 'set', 'time', 'scales', 'inline', 'planned', 'schedule', 'produce', 'inspection', 'reports', 'professional', 'manner', 'daily', 'timescales', 'standards', 'closely', 'regional', 'planner', 'plan', 'completed', 'daily', 'basis', 'change', 'communicated', 'planner', 'build', 'maintain', 'relationships', 'standards', 'met', 'maintain', 'awareness', 'developments', 'standards', 'legislation', 'affecting', 'surveyor', 'discipline', 'change', 'act', 'behalf', 'making', 'technical', 'expertise', 'surveyors', 'identify', 'opportunities', 'advise', 'areas', 'maintain', 'technical', 'standards', 'units', 'meet', 'plan', 'measures', 'participating', 'technical', 'competency', 'testing', 'technical', 'audits', 'internal', 'external', 'effectively', 'area', 'managers', 'regional', 'directors', 'regions', 'kpis', 'met', 'potential', 'interest', 'information', 'confidential', 'discussion']" Engineering
"Title: Industrial Sales Engineer x ****
Webindex: 69556224
Company: On Target Recruitment Ltd
Description: Engineering Qualification Job Title: Industrial Sales Engineer x **** Sector: Engineering Niche: Safety Controls to OilGas applications Selling: Remote Safety Controls to Oil  Gas OEMS Selling To: OilGas OEMS/ Contractors and System Integrators Territory: North East Package: up to &**** ****k basic, pension, car, mobile, laptop Consultant: Robert Gaines Company Info: ? Worldwide manufacture of remote controlled equipment. ? Specialist suppliers to the ports, mining and offshore sectors Industrial Sales Engineer: Role Information: ? Working from the office and visiting customer locations across the UK. ? Selling a range of Radio Remote Controls to the oil and gas market sector : mainly contractors/system integrators and deck handling OEMS ? Products are used for the control of cranes, winches, hoists, lifting gear etc ? Project based selling looking to get the controls specked in with contractors and OEM?S Requirements: YOU MUST HAVE THE FOLLOWING ? Industrial Controls knowledge ? Understand of bulk materials handling, cranes and lifting gear applications ? Stable career history ? Engineering Qualification ? Ideally coming from a manufacture or system integrator ? Commutable to the Teesside office IDEALLY YOU WILL HAVE THE FOLLOWING ? Proven sales experience ? Remote controlled equipment knowledge ? Electrical/Electronic Engineering Degree Candidates must be eligible to work and live in the UK. On Target Recruitment, now recognised as one of the UK?s leading sales recruiters, has achieved significant organic growth since it?s inception in **** The development of specialist teams each focusing in the key markets of Construction sales recruitment, Engineering sales recruitment and Commercial sales recruitment, has enabled our consultants to become experts in their field. Roles our sector based teams recruit for include sales executive jobs, area sales manager jobs, sales engineer jobs, national account manager jobs, business development mana" 3 data/Sales\Job_00730.txt " Industrial Sales Engineer x ****" " 69556224" " On Target Recruitment Ltd" " Engineering Qualification Job Title: Industrial Sales Engineer x **** Sector: Engineering Niche: Safety Controls to OilGas applications Selling: Remote Safety Controls to Oil  Gas OEMS Selling To: OilGas OEMS/ Contractors and System Integrators Territory: North East Package: up to &**** ****k basic, pension, car, mobile, laptop Consultant: Robert Gaines Company Info: ? Worldwide manufacture of remote controlled equipment. ? Specialist suppliers to the ports, mining and offshore sectors Industrial Sales Engineer: Role Information: ? Working from the office and visiting customer locations across the UK. ? Selling a range of Radio Remote Controls to the oil and gas market sector : mainly contractors/system integrators and deck handling OEMS ? Products are used for the control of cranes, winches, hoists, lifting gear etc ? Project based selling looking to get the controls specked in with contractors and OEM?S Requirements: YOU MUST HAVE THE FOLLOWING ? Industrial Controls knowledge ? Understand of bulk materials handling, cranes and lifting gear applications ? Stable career history ? Engineering Qualification ? Ideally coming from a manufacture or system integrator ? Commutable to the Teesside office IDEALLY YOU WILL HAVE THE FOLLOWING ? Proven sales experience ? Remote controlled equipment knowledge ? Electrical/Electronic Engineering Degree Candidates must be eligible to work and live in the UK. On Target Recruitment, now recognised as one of the UK?s leading sales recruiters, has achieved significant organic growth since it?s inception in **** The development of specialist teams each focusing in the key markets of Construction sales recruitment, Engineering sales recruitment and Commercial sales recruitment, has enabled our consultants to become experts in their field. Roles our sector based teams recruit for include sales executive jobs, area sales manager jobs, sales engineer jobs, national account manager jobs, business development mana" "['qualification', 'title', 'industrial', 'sector', 'niche', 'safety', 'controls', 'oilgas', 'applications', 'selling', 'remote', 'safety', 'controls', 'oil', 'gas', 'oems', 'selling', 'oilgas', 'oems', 'contractors', 'system', 'integrators', 'territory', 'north', 'east', 'package', 'basic', 'pension', 'car', 'mobile', 'laptop', 'consultant', 'robert', 'info', 'worldwide', 'manufacture', 'remote', 'controlled', 'equipment', 'specialist', 'suppliers', 'mining', 'offshore', 'sectors', 'industrial', 'information', 'office', 'visiting', 'locations', 'selling', 'range', 'radio', 'remote', 'controls', 'oil', 'gas', 'market', 'sector', 'contractors', 'system', 'integrators', 'handling', 'oems', 'products', 'control', 'cranes', 'lifting', 'gear', 'project', 'selling', 'controls', 'contractors', 'oem', 'requirements', 'industrial', 'controls', 'understand', 'bulk', 'materials', 'handling', 'cranes', 'lifting', 'gear', 'applications', 'stable', 'career', 'history', 'qualification', 'ideally', 'coming', 'manufacture', 'system', 'integrator', 'commutable', 'teesside', 'office', 'ideally', 'proven', 'remote', 'controlled', 'equipment', 'electrical', 'electronic', 'degree', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'live', 'target', 'recognised', 'recruiters', 'achieved', 'significant', 'organic', 'growth', 'inception', 'specialist', 'teams', 'focusing', 'key', 'markets', 'construction', 'commercial', 'enabled', 'consultants', 'experts', 'field', 'roles', 'sector', 'teams', 'recruit', 'include', 'executive', 'jobs', 'area', 'jobs', 'jobs', 'national', 'account', 'jobs']" Sales
"Title: Area Sales Manager (Building and Construction)
Webindex: 70597879
Description: Title: Area Specification Manager Package: ****k  Bonus  Car  Benefits Role: selling their full range of Building Envelope products to Architects, Specifiers and Contractors on a project led basis. Person: Must have sold Technical Construction products on a project led basis to Architects, Specifiers or Contractors. Area: London, Hertfordshire, Essex, Cambridgeshire, Norfolk Suffolk, Bedfordshire, Buckinghamshire Berkshire, Kent, Surrey, Hampshire, East Sussex, West Sussex Company: Market Leading Manufacturer Due to the sheer volume of applications we are receiving we are unable to reply to applicants who we deem unsuccessful. We are also unable to assist anyone who does not have relevant external product sales experience within the Building and Construction Industry" 3 data/Sales\Job_00658.txt " Area Sales Manager (Building and Construction)" " 70597879"  " Title: Area Specification Manager Package: ****k  Bonus  Car  Benefits Role: selling their full range of Building Envelope products to Architects, Specifiers and Contractors on a project led basis. Person: Must have sold Technical Construction products on a project led basis to Architects, Specifiers or Contractors. Area: London, Hertfordshire, Essex, Cambridgeshire, Norfolk Suffolk, Bedfordshire, Buckinghamshire Berkshire, Kent, Surrey, Hampshire, East Sussex, West Sussex Company: Market Leading Manufacturer Due to the sheer volume of applications we are receiving we are unable to reply to applicants who we deem unsuccessful. We are also unable to assist anyone who does not have relevant external product sales experience within the Building and Construction Industry" "['title', 'area', 'specification', 'package', 'bonus', 'car', 'benefits', 'selling', 'range', 'building', 'products', 'architects', 'specifiers', 'contractors', 'project', 'led', 'basis', 'person', 'sold', 'technical', 'construction', 'products', 'project', 'led', 'basis', 'architects', 'specifiers', 'contractors', 'area', 'london', 'hertfordshire', 'essex', 'cambridgeshire', 'norfolk', 'suffolk', 'bedfordshire', 'buckinghamshire', 'berkshire', 'kent', 'surrey', 'hampshire', 'east', 'sussex', 'west', 'sussex', 'market', 'manufacturer', 'due', 'sheer', 'volume', 'applications', 'receiving', 'unable', 'reply', 'applicants', 'deem', 'unsuccessful', 'unable', 'assist', 'relevant', 'external', 'product', 'building', 'construction', 'industry']" Sales
"Title: Nuclear Safety Engineers  Gloucester/Warrington
Webindex: 72441022
Company: Gold Group Ltd.
Description: Nuclear Safety Engineers  Gloucester/Warrington  ****k A growing nationwide consultancy is looking for technical nuclear safety engineers to work in the south west. The ideal candidates will have at least 2 years' experience working in a similar role and will want to become an important part of the organisations growth in the nuclear sector. Job Description We are currently looking for nuclear safety engineers with various levels of experience (senior engineers, consultants and senior consultants) with a proven track record in the Nuclear, Defence or Energy industries. Requirements The successful candidates should have a degree in a relevant discipline and a proven track record with detailed knowledge in a number of the following areas:  Safety management system development  Safety management planning  Safety case development and authoring  Safety Risk Assessment  HAZOP/HAZAN  FTA/ETA/FMECA  Deterministic Safety Assessment  Nuclear Safety Legislation, Regulation and Policy  Engineering Substantiation  INSA/ISA You will have a desire to take technical leadership and project management responsibility for assigned safety consultancy projects. The more senior roles will involve the supervision, coaching and mentoring of other staff. To find out more about this or similar opportunities, please apply today. This advert was posted by Gold Group  one of the UK's leading niche recruitment consultancies. We span a variety of specialist industries and are the recruitment company to help you find your next career opportunity. We pride ourselves on our commitment to candidates and stick to our ethos of finding the right role for the right person. Visit our website or get in touch today to discuss this role, find out what else we've got or just for a chat about the state of your industry. Services advertised by Gold Group are those of an Agency and/or an Employment Business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NuclearSafetyEngineersGloucesterWarrington_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00042.txt " Nuclear Safety Engineers  Gloucester/Warrington" " 72441022" " Gold Group Ltd." " Nuclear Safety Engineers  Gloucester/Warrington  ****k A growing nationwide consultancy is looking for technical nuclear safety engineers to work in the south west. The ideal candidates will have at least 2 years' experience working in a similar role and will want to become an important part of the organisations growth in the nuclear sector. Job Description We are currently looking for nuclear safety engineers with various levels of experience (senior engineers, consultants and senior consultants) with a proven track record in the Nuclear, Defence or Energy industries. Requirements The successful candidates should have a degree in a relevant discipline and a proven track record with detailed knowledge in a number of the following areas:  Safety management system development  Safety management planning  Safety case development and authoring  Safety Risk Assessment  HAZOP/HAZAN  FTA/ETA/FMECA  Deterministic Safety Assessment  Nuclear Safety Legislation, Regulation and Policy  Engineering Substantiation  INSA/ISA You will have a desire to take technical leadership and project management responsibility for assigned safety consultancy projects. The more senior roles will involve the supervision, coaching and mentoring of other staff. To find out more about this or similar opportunities, please apply today. This advert was posted by Gold Group  one of the UK's leading niche recruitment consultancies. We span a variety of specialist industries and are the recruitment company to help you find your next career opportunity. We pride ourselves on our commitment to candidates and stick to our ethos of finding the right role for the right person. Visit our website or get in touch today to discuss this role, find out what else we've got or just for a chat about the state of your industry. Services advertised by Gold Group are those of an Agency and/or an Employment Business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NuclearSafetyEngineersGloucesterWarrington_job****" "['nuclear', 'safety', 'engineers', 'gloucester', 'warrington', 'growing', 'nationwide', 'consultancy', 'technical', 'nuclear', 'safety', 'engineers', 'south', 'west', 'ideal', 'candidates', 'years', 'similar', 'important', 'part', 'organisations', 'growth', 'nuclear', 'sector', 'description', 'nuclear', 'safety', 'engineers', 'levels', 'senior', 'engineers', 'consultants', 'senior', 'consultants', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'nuclear', 'defence', 'energy', 'industries', 'requirements', 'candidates', 'degree', 'relevant', 'discipline', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'detailed', 'number', 'areas', 'safety', 'system', 'safety', 'planning', 'safety', 'case', 'safety', 'risk', 'assessment', 'safety', 'assessment', 'nuclear', 'safety', 'legislation', 'regulation', 'policy', 'isa', 'desire', 'technical', 'leadership', 'project', 'responsibility', 'assigned', 'safety', 'consultancy', 'projects', 'senior', 'roles', 'involve', 'supervision', 'coaching', 'mentoring', 'find', 'similar', 'opportunities', 'today', 'advert', 'posted', 'gold', 'group', ""uk's"", 'niche', 'consultancies', 'span', 'variety', 'specialist', 'industries', 'find', 'career', 'pride', 'commitment', 'candidates', 'ethos', 'finding', 'person', 'visit', 'website', 'touch', 'today', 'discuss', 'find', 'chat', 'state', 'industry', 'advertised', 'gold', 'group', 'agency', 'employment', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Finance Assistant
Webindex: 71677246
Company: Page Personnel Finance
Description: Process changes to engagement data via the SAP system Produce product sales billing (adhoc billing for seminars/training courses). Manage queries from all areas of the Firm to partner level. Assist with processing electronic invoices. Previous experience of working within a finance function. Ability to communicate effectively with people at all levels across the firm in a diplomatic but assertive manner. Strong organisational and prioritisation skills. Keen attention to detail. Ability to work effectively as part of a team. Excellent numerical/analytical skills. An enthusiastic and dedicated team player. Must be able to work My client is an instantly recognisable brand in the Milton Keynes market. **** month contact. 4 hours per day Monday to Friday Central location with good transport links. Your application will be reviewed by Page Personnel. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Page Personnel is a leading UK recruitment consultancy This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinanceAssistant_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00265.txt " Finance Assistant" " 71677246" " Page Personnel Finance" " Process changes to engagement data via the SAP system Produce product sales billing (adhoc billing for seminars/training courses). Manage queries from all areas of the Firm to partner level. Assist with processing electronic invoices. Previous experience of working within a finance function. Ability to communicate effectively with people at all levels across the firm in a diplomatic but assertive manner. Strong organisational and prioritisation skills. Keen attention to detail. Ability to work effectively as part of a team. Excellent numerical/analytical skills. An enthusiastic and dedicated team player. Must be able to work My client is an instantly recognisable brand in the Milton Keynes market. **** month contact. 4 hours per day Monday to Friday Central location with good transport links. Your application will be reviewed by Page Personnel. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Page Personnel is a leading UK recruitment consultancy This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinanceAssistant_job****" "['process', 'engagement', 'data', 'sap', 'system', 'produce', 'product', 'billing', 'adhoc', 'billing', 'courses', 'manage', 'queries', 'areas', 'firm', 'partner', 'level', 'assist', 'processing', 'electronic', 'invoices', 'previous', 'finance', 'function', 'communicate', 'effectively', 'people', 'levels', 'firm', 'assertive', 'manner', 'organisational', 'prioritisation', 'keen', 'attention', 'detail', 'effectively', 'part', 'numerical', 'analytical', 'enthusiastic', 'dedicated', 'player', 'instantly', 'recognisable', 'brand', 'milton', 'keynes', 'market', 'month', 'contact', 'hours', 'day', 'monday', 'friday', 'central', 'location', 'transport', 'links', 'application', 'reviewed', 'page', 'personnel', 'aware', 'receive', 'volume', 'applications', 'advertised', 'regularly', 'receive', 'applications', 'candidates', 'exceed', 'credentials', 'contact', 'days', 'selected', 'interview', 'page', 'personnel', 'consultancy', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: FLUENT IN NORWEGIAN AND / OR SWEDISH LANGUAGE, SALES LEDGER CLERK
Webindex: 67949521
Company: Edwards and Pearce Ltd
Description: FLUENT IN NORWEGIAN AND/OR SWEDISH LANGUAGE, SALES LEDGER CLERK, FULL TRAINING PROVIDED LOCATION: Hull SALARY AND BENEFITS: Circa **** Pension Scheme 25 Days holiday COMPANY INFORMATION:  Successful company with various sites throughout Europe YOU MUST HAVE THE FOLLOWING:  Fluent in Norwegian or Swedish language; written and spoken IDEALLY YOU HAVE THE FOLLOWING:  Finance experience not essential as training is provided  Confidence to contact customers and process invoices of outstanding payments  Ability, drive and enthusiasm to learn and undertake a new role within finance  Accuracy when dealing with sales ledger related queries and administration  Time management and prioritising skills  Fluency in Norwegian and/or Swedish language ROLE INFORMATION:  Only candidates with the language requirements will be considered for this role  Full time and permanent  Full training given  To work within a team processing invoices for a Nordic Ledger  To post payments and investigate any irregularities  The above duties to be carried out in English, Norwegian, and Swedish THE RECRUITMENT CONSULTANCY Edwards Pearce are a professional recruitment consultancy Established in 1998 Employ approx **** staff 2 offices in Doncaster Hull Edwards Pearce operates according to a strict ethical code and aims to offer both candidates and clients the highest levels of professionalism and customer service. Edwards Pearce have a strong client base incorporating large groups and SME s across all manufacturing and service sectors, and are on the preferred supplier lists of a number of blue chip organisations." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00320.txt " FLUENT IN NORWEGIAN AND / OR SWEDISH LANGUAGE, SALES LEDGER CLERK" " 67949521" " Edwards and Pearce Ltd" " FLUENT IN NORWEGIAN AND/OR SWEDISH LANGUAGE, SALES LEDGER CLERK, FULL TRAINING PROVIDED LOCATION: Hull SALARY AND BENEFITS: Circa **** Pension Scheme 25 Days holiday COMPANY INFORMATION:  Successful company with various sites throughout Europe YOU MUST HAVE THE FOLLOWING:  Fluent in Norwegian or Swedish language; written and spoken IDEALLY YOU HAVE THE FOLLOWING:  Finance experience not essential as training is provided  Confidence to contact customers and process invoices of outstanding payments  Ability, drive and enthusiasm to learn and undertake a new role within finance  Accuracy when dealing with sales ledger related queries and administration  Time management and prioritising skills  Fluency in Norwegian and/or Swedish language ROLE INFORMATION:  Only candidates with the language requirements will be considered for this role  Full time and permanent  Full training given  To work within a team processing invoices for a Nordic Ledger  To post payments and investigate any irregularities  The above duties to be carried out in English, Norwegian, and Swedish THE RECRUITMENT CONSULTANCY Edwards Pearce are a professional recruitment consultancy Established in 1998 Employ approx **** staff 2 offices in Doncaster Hull Edwards Pearce operates according to a strict ethical code and aims to offer both candidates and clients the highest levels of professionalism and customer service. Edwards Pearce have a strong client base incorporating large groups and SME s across all manufacturing and service sectors, and are on the preferred supplier lists of a number of blue chip organisations." "['fluent', 'norwegian', 'swedish', 'language', 'ledger', 'clerk', 'provided', 'location', 'hull', 'benefits', 'circa', 'pension', 'scheme', 'days', 'holiday', 'information', 'sites', 'europe', 'fluent', 'norwegian', 'swedish', 'language', 'written', 'spoken', 'ideally', 'finance', 'essential', 'provided', 'confidence', 'contact', 'customers', 'process', 'invoices', 'outstanding', 'payments', 'drive', 'enthusiasm', 'learn', 'undertake', 'finance', 'accuracy', 'dealing', 'ledger', 'related', 'queries', 'administration', 'time', 'prioritising', 'fluency', 'norwegian', 'swedish', 'language', 'information', 'candidates', 'language', 'requirements', 'considered', 'time', 'permanent', 'processing', 'invoices', 'ledger', 'post', 'payments', 'investigate', 'duties', 'carried', 'english', 'norwegian', 'swedish', 'consultancy', 'edwards', 'pearce', 'professional', 'consultancy', 'established', 'employ', 'approx', 'offices', 'doncaster', 'hull', 'edwards', 'pearce', 'operates', 'strict', 'ethical', 'code', 'aims', 'offer', 'candidates', 'highest', 'levels', 'professionalism', 'edwards', 'pearce', 'base', 'incorporating', 'large', 'groups', 'sme', 'manufacturing', 'sectors', 'preferred', 'supplier', 'lists', 'number', 'blue', 'chip', 'organisations']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Purchase Ledger Clerk
Webindex: 71430843
Company: Charterhouse Recruitment
Description: Job Reference: J**** Job Title: Purchase Ledger Clerk Type – Permanent Location: Halifax Salary – ****  **** A new and exciting permanent opportunity has arisen with one of our clients based in Halifax. This role would be suitable for a candidate with previous Purchase Ledger experience who is looking to continue within the field. Responsibilities: • Enter Purchase Ledger invoices on a daily basis – including coding and sending to relevant department for authorising. • Producing Purchase Ledger cheques and BACS run • Dealing with requests for new suppliers • Producing claims cheques/BACS payments on a daily basis • Downloading BACS Rejects information from Internet Banking and ensuring it is forwarded to suitable members of staff each day to follow up • Ad hoc accounts duties My Client is looking for somebody who: . • Is able to be flexible and work under pressure and to tight deadlines. • Has the ability to work effectively as part of a team • Has strong attention to detail • Has strong numeracy and analytical skills If you are interested in this position then please apply to admincharterhouserecruitment.co.uk Charterhouse Recruitment is committed to a policy of equal opportunities in relation to job applications. A copy of our Diversity Policy is available upon request. Charterhouse Recruitment Ltd is acting in the capacity of an Employment Agency for permanent appointments and an Employment Business for temporary assignments. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PurchaseLedgerClerk_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00276.txt " Purchase Ledger Clerk" " 71430843" " Charterhouse Recruitment" " Job Reference: J**** Job Title: Purchase Ledger Clerk Type – Permanent Location: Halifax Salary – ****  **** A new and exciting permanent opportunity has arisen with one of our clients based in Halifax. This role would be suitable for a candidate with previous Purchase Ledger experience who is looking to continue within the field. Responsibilities: • Enter Purchase Ledger invoices on a daily basis – including coding and sending to relevant department for authorising. • Producing Purchase Ledger cheques and BACS run • Dealing with requests for new suppliers • Producing claims cheques/BACS payments on a daily basis • Downloading BACS Rejects information from Internet Banking and ensuring it is forwarded to suitable members of staff each day to follow up • Ad hoc accounts duties My Client is looking for somebody who: . • Is able to be flexible and work under pressure and to tight deadlines. • Has the ability to work effectively as part of a team • Has strong attention to detail • Has strong numeracy and analytical skills If you are interested in this position then please apply to admincharterhouserecruitment.co.uk Charterhouse Recruitment is committed to a policy of equal opportunities in relation to job applications. A copy of our Diversity Policy is available upon request. Charterhouse Recruitment Ltd is acting in the capacity of an Employment Agency for permanent appointments and an Employment Business for temporary assignments. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PurchaseLedgerClerk_job****" "['reference', 'title', 'purchase', 'ledger', 'clerk', 'type', 'permanent', 'location', 'halifax', 'exciting', 'permanent', 'arisen', 'halifax', 'suitable', 'previous', 'purchase', 'ledger', 'continue', 'field', 'responsibilities', 'purchase', 'ledger', 'invoices', 'daily', 'basis', 'coding', 'sending', 'relevant', 'department', 'producing', 'purchase', 'ledger', 'cheques', 'bacs', 'run', 'dealing', 'requests', 'suppliers', 'producing', 'claims', 'cheques', 'bacs', 'payments', 'daily', 'basis', 'bacs', 'information', 'internet', 'banking', 'ensuring', 'forwarded', 'suitable', 'members', 'day', 'follow', 'ad', 'hoc', 'accounts', 'duties', 'flexible', 'pressure', 'tight', 'deadlines', 'effectively', 'part', 'attention', 'detail', 'numeracy', 'analytical', 'interested', 'charterhouse', 'committed', 'policy', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'relation', 'applications', 'copy', 'diversity', 'policy', 'request', 'charterhouse', 'acting', 'capacity', 'employment', 'agency', 'permanent', 'appointments', 'employment', 'temporary', 'assignments', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Electrical Maintenance Engineer  FMCG Manufacturing Group
Webindex: 71470776
Company: ETS Consulting
Description: Continental shift pattern (days and Nights Rotating) An excellent opportunity has arisen with one of the UK's leading FMCG manufacturers who due to increased investment are looking to add an experienced engineer to their maintenance team. You will posses a minimum of an apprenticeship in electrical, with a strong electrical pedigree along with experience of high speed machinery ideally from within a fast paced industry. You will also have experience of automated machinery along with a good understanding of Siemens PLC controlled equipment and of AC/DC drives from within a manufacturing environment with the ability to fault find and resolve issues in the plant with the least amount of supervision. As part of the maintenance function you will be actively encouraged to get involved with process improvement initiatives along with planned and preventative maintenance ensuring maximum output and the least amount of disruption to production. The role is based over a continental shift pattern with a very competitive package and the opportunity to progress as your ambition dictates. If you are interested in this role please send a copy of your current CV using the details provided, interviews will be held locally and the company is looking to recruit this role as soon as possible. ETS Consulting Ltd  Recruitment specialists with specific areas of expertise in the manufacturing, technical and engineering market place. This live vacancy is being managed by ETS Consulting Limited who are Recruitment specialists with specific areas of expertise in the manufacturing, technical and engineering market place. ETS Consulting Limited act as an employment business and employment agency and are registered in England and Wales as ETS Consulting Limited, registered no **** Registered office address **** Broad Street, Salford, Lancashire, M6 ****BY. If one of our consultants contacts you in relation to this role, please be aware that as part of our registration process you will be required to provide ETS Consulting with proof of your identity along with proof of your eligibility to work in the United Kingdom." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00151.txt " Electrical Maintenance Engineer  FMCG Manufacturing Group" " 71470776" " ETS Consulting" " Continental shift pattern (days and Nights Rotating) An excellent opportunity has arisen with one of the UK's leading FMCG manufacturers who due to increased investment are looking to add an experienced engineer to their maintenance team. You will posses a minimum of an apprenticeship in electrical, with a strong electrical pedigree along with experience of high speed machinery ideally from within a fast paced industry. You will also have experience of automated machinery along with a good understanding of Siemens PLC controlled equipment and of AC/DC drives from within a manufacturing environment with the ability to fault find and resolve issues in the plant with the least amount of supervision. As part of the maintenance function you will be actively encouraged to get involved with process improvement initiatives along with planned and preventative maintenance ensuring maximum output and the least amount of disruption to production. The role is based over a continental shift pattern with a very competitive package and the opportunity to progress as your ambition dictates. If you are interested in this role please send a copy of your current CV using the details provided, interviews will be held locally and the company is looking to recruit this role as soon as possible. ETS Consulting Ltd  Recruitment specialists with specific areas of expertise in the manufacturing, technical and engineering market place. This live vacancy is being managed by ETS Consulting Limited who are Recruitment specialists with specific areas of expertise in the manufacturing, technical and engineering market place. ETS Consulting Limited act as an employment business and employment agency and are registered in England and Wales as ETS Consulting Limited, registered no **** Registered office address **** Broad Street, Salford, Lancashire, M6 ****BY. If one of our consultants contacts you in relation to this role, please be aware that as part of our registration process you will be required to provide ETS Consulting with proof of your identity along with proof of your eligibility to work in the United Kingdom." "['continental', 'shift', 'pattern', 'days', 'nights', 'rotating', 'arisen', ""uk's"", 'fmcg', 'manufacturers', 'due', 'increased', 'investment', 'add', 'experienced', 'maintenance', 'posses', 'minimum', 'apprenticeship', 'electrical', 'electrical', 'speed', 'machinery', 'ideally', 'fast', 'paced', 'industry', 'automated', 'machinery', 'understanding', 'siemens', 'plc', 'controlled', 'equipment', 'ac', 'dc', 'drives', 'manufacturing', 'environment', 'fault', 'find', 'resolve', 'issues', 'plant', 'amount', 'supervision', 'part', 'maintenance', 'function', 'actively', 'encouraged', 'involved', 'process', 'improvement', 'initiatives', 'planned', 'preventative', 'maintenance', 'ensuring', 'maximum', 'output', 'amount', 'production', 'continental', 'shift', 'pattern', 'competitive', 'package', 'progress', 'ambition', 'interested', 'send', 'copy', 'current', 'cv', 'details', 'provided', 'interviews', 'held', 'locally', 'recruit', 'ets', 'consulting', 'specialists', 'specific', 'areas', 'expertise', 'manufacturing', 'technical', 'market', 'place', 'live', 'vacancy', 'managed', 'ets', 'consulting', 'limited', 'specialists', 'specific', 'areas', 'expertise', 'manufacturing', 'technical', 'market', 'place', 'ets', 'consulting', 'limited', 'act', 'employment', 'employment', 'agency', 'registered', 'england', 'wales', 'ets', 'consulting', 'limited', 'registered', 'registered', 'office', 'address', 'broad', 'street', 'salford', 'lancashire', 'consultants', 'contacts', 'relation', 'aware', 'part', 'registration', 'process', 'ets', 'consulting', 'proof', 'identity', 'proof', 'eligibility', 'united', 'kingdom']" Engineering
"Title: Market Risk Analyst
Webindex: 69685775
Description: Top tier corporate investment bank requires an experienced market risk professional to join a small team responsible for reporting and analysis at EMEA level, including VaR, Sensitivity and Stress Test information. The team also takes on accountability for building out its reporting capability to meet new MI and regulatory requirements. The incumbent will cover all asset classes, and the role offers exposure to senior regional management. This would suit someone with typically 4 years experience relating to Market Risk in the banking sector encompassing derivatives." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00293.txt " Market Risk Analyst" " 69685775"  " Top tier corporate investment bank requires an experienced market risk professional to join a small team responsible for reporting and analysis at EMEA level, including VaR, Sensitivity and Stress Test information. The team also takes on accountability for building out its reporting capability to meet new MI and regulatory requirements. The incumbent will cover all asset classes, and the role offers exposure to senior regional management. This would suit someone with typically 4 years experience relating to Market Risk in the banking sector encompassing derivatives." "['top', 'tier', 'corporate', 'investment', 'bank', 'requires', 'experienced', 'market', 'risk', 'professional', 'small', 'responsible', 'reporting', 'analysis', 'emea', 'level', 'var', 'sensitivity', 'stress', 'test', 'information', 'takes', 'accountability', 'building', 'reporting', 'capability', 'meet', 'mi', 'regulatory', 'requirements', 'incumbent', 'cover', 'asset', 'classes', 'offers', 'exposure', 'senior', 'regional', 'suit', 'typically', 'years', 'relating', 'market', 'risk', 'banking', 'sector', 'encompassing', 'derivatives']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Business Development Advisors
Webindex: 55415689
Company: JOBG8
Description: Part time, 22.5 hours per week. Fixed term for **** year (maternity cover) Ref: SMT **** Full time, permanent Ref: SMT **** You will be responsible for leading on the promotion and recruitment to a range of Employer Responsive training programmes and ensuring full initial assessment of applicants and their employers. This will include interviewing and administering the application and enrolment onto the correct course. You will be involved in the ongoing account management of employers and the promotion of all suitable courses. The successful applicant will have recent experience in a relevant occupational position or training role. Knowledge of education and training qualifications, Health & Safety and risk assessment would be an advantage." 3 data/Sales\Job_00742.txt " Business Development Advisors" " 55415689" " JOBG8" " Part time, 22.5 hours per week. Fixed term for **** year (maternity cover) Ref: SMT **** Full time, permanent Ref: SMT **** You will be responsible for leading on the promotion and recruitment to a range of Employer Responsive training programmes and ensuring full initial assessment of applicants and their employers. This will include interviewing and administering the application and enrolment onto the correct course. You will be involved in the ongoing account management of employers and the promotion of all suitable courses. The successful applicant will have recent experience in a relevant occupational position or training role. Knowledge of education and training qualifications, Health & Safety and risk assessment would be an advantage." "['part', 'time', 'hours', 'week', 'fixed', 'term', 'year', 'maternity', 'cover', 'ref', 'smt', 'time', 'permanent', 'ref', 'smt', 'responsible', 'promotion', 'range', 'employer', 'responsive', 'programmes', 'ensuring', 'initial', 'assessment', 'applicants', 'employers', 'include', 'interviewing', 'administering', 'application', 'enrolment', 'correct', 'involved', 'ongoing', 'account', 'employers', 'promotion', 'suitable', 'courses', 'applicant', 'recent', 'relevant', 'occupational', 'education', 'qualifications', 'health', 'safety', 'risk', 'assessment', 'advantage']" Sales
"Title: BUYER
Webindex: 68849619
Description: BUYER (Part Time) An immediate vacancy exists for an experienced part time buyer to work 5 hours per day. Tuesday to Fridays each week. The position is permanent and on a staff basis. Applicant must be very compentent using Sage Line **** software. An engineering background would be advantageous. Salary is **** per annum for 20 hours per week. Send your CV via Email. Click APPLY NOW for contact details." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00009.txt " BUYER" " 68849619"  " BUYER (Part Time) An immediate vacancy exists for an experienced part time buyer to work 5 hours per day. Tuesday to Fridays each week. The position is permanent and on a staff basis. Applicant must be very compentent using Sage Line **** software. An engineering background would be advantageous. Salary is **** per annum for 20 hours per week. Send your CV via Email. Click APPLY NOW for contact details." "['buyer', 'part', 'time', 'vacancy', 'exists', 'experienced', 'part', 'time', 'buyer', 'hours', 'day', 'tuesday', 'fridays', 'week', 'permanent', 'basis', 'applicant', 'sage', 'line', 'software', 'background', 'advantageous', 'annum', 'hours', 'week', 'send', 'cv', 'email', 'click', 'contact', 'details']" Engineering
"Title: Deputy Manager, Nursing Home, Sittingbourne
Webindex: 68576341
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Deputy Manager, Nursing Home, Sittingbourne White Recruitment is currently looking for a mature and responsible Registered Nurse (RGN) with a naturally caring nature to take the role of Deputy Manager for a large sized nursing home in Sittingbourne. As well as good care quality reports, the home boasts a comforting and caring atmosphere for the elderly and mentally infirm patients that it accommodates. My client is one of the leading companies in this provision of patient orientated care and they are looking for outstanding clinicians to join their ever expanding organisation Your role will include: **** hours/week" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00430.txt " Deputy Manager, Nursing Home, Sittingbourne" " 68576341" " UKStaffsearch" " Deputy Manager, Nursing Home, Sittingbourne White Recruitment is currently looking for a mature and responsible Registered Nurse (RGN) with a naturally caring nature to take the role of Deputy Manager for a large sized nursing home in Sittingbourne. As well as good care quality reports, the home boasts a comforting and caring atmosphere for the elderly and mentally infirm patients that it accommodates. My client is one of the leading companies in this provision of patient orientated care and they are looking for outstanding clinicians to join their ever expanding organisation Your role will include: **** hours/week" "['deputy', 'nursing', 'sittingbourne', 'white', 'mature', 'responsible', 'registered', 'nurse', 'rgn', 'naturally', 'caring', 'nature', 'deputy', 'large', 'sized', 'nursing', 'sittingbourne', 'quality', 'reports', 'boasts', 'comforting', 'caring', 'atmosphere', 'elderly', 'mentally', 'infirm', 'patients', 'accommodates', 'companies', 'provision', 'patient', 'orientated', 'outstanding', 'clinicians', 'expanding', 'organisation', 'include', 'hours', 'week']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Night RGN required at Naseby Care and Nursing Home
Webindex: 68061775
Company: Agincare Group
Description: At Naseby Care and Nursing Home we strive to preserve and maintain the dignity, individuality and privacy of all residents. As a RGN you will show warmth and support to our residents and their families; helping to promote their independence in a home from home environment. Located in Christchurch we require full and part time care workers to join our friendly team. You will need to:  Communicate professionally and warmly  Assists residents with all aspects of day to day living including personal care.  Able to work as part of a team. We offer:  Friendly working conditions  Excellent rates of pay  Real career progression opportunities This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NightRGNrequiredatNasebyCareandNursingHome_job****" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00581.txt " Night RGN required at Naseby Care and Nursing Home" " 68061775" " Agincare Group" " At Naseby Care and Nursing Home we strive to preserve and maintain the dignity, individuality and privacy of all residents. As a RGN you will show warmth and support to our residents and their families; helping to promote their independence in a home from home environment. Located in Christchurch we require full and part time care workers to join our friendly team. You will need to:  Communicate professionally and warmly  Assists residents with all aspects of day to day living including personal care.  Able to work as part of a team. We offer:  Friendly working conditions  Excellent rates of pay  Real career progression opportunities This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NightRGNrequiredatNasebyCareandNursingHome_job****" "['nursing', 'strive', 'maintain', 'dignity', 'individuality', 'privacy', 'residents', 'rgn', 'show', 'warmth', 'residents', 'families', 'helping', 'promote', 'independence', 'environment', 'located', 'require', 'part', 'time', 'workers', 'friendly', 'communicate', 'professionally', 'warmly', 'assists', 'residents', 'aspects', 'day', 'day', 'living', 'personal', 'part', 'offer', 'friendly', 'conditions', 'rates', 'pay', 'real', 'career', 'progression', 'opportunities', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Transport Planner – TAUNTON  ****  ****BENS
Webindex: 69536987
Company: Penguin Recruitment Ltd
Description: Transport Planner  TAUNTON  ****  ****BENS A fantastic opportunity has arisen for an experienced Transport Planner to join a growing and successful team in a large multidisciplinary consultancy in their Taunton office. My client is a leading Transport Consultancy who specialise in a range of sectors such as Civil and Structural engineering to Transport Planning and Modelling. The ideal Transport Planner will have experience in preparing transport assessment projects and travel plans, as well as junction modelling. The candidate will also be working on a range projects such as providing plans for local services such as parking, road safety and traffic management. You will also be liaising with planning and highways authorities as well as residents of the local area and also other planners and technicians within the office. You will work with technicians to develop mitigation solutions and analyse traffic impact across junction networks. The successful Transport Planner will ideally have: Excellent numeracy skills is essential Great written and verbal communication A quality degree in a relevant subject Proven experience of Transport Assessments, Travel Plans and Junction design Experience within transport planning and modelling environment Experience with relevant software packages, such as AutoCAD If you are hardworking and looking for a fresh opportunity with an established consultancy then this role is for you. In return for your hard work a competitive salary and benefits package is on offer. Commutable locations include Taunton, WestonSuperMare, Bristol, Bridgwater, Exeter, BurnhamonSea, Clevedon, Yeovil and Glastonbury. Interested? For an initial, noncommittal discussion about this vacancy or other opportunities in the environmental sector, please do not hesitate to call Isabel Stephens of Penguin Recruitment on **** **** **** Alternatively you can email your CV and we'll call you back. Emails to: isabel.stephenspenguinrecruitment.co.uk" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00204.txt " Transport Planner – TAUNTON  ****  ****BENS" " 69536987" " Penguin Recruitment Ltd" " Transport Planner  TAUNTON  ****  ****BENS A fantastic opportunity has arisen for an experienced Transport Planner to join a growing and successful team in a large multidisciplinary consultancy in their Taunton office. My client is a leading Transport Consultancy who specialise in a range of sectors such as Civil and Structural engineering to Transport Planning and Modelling. The ideal Transport Planner will have experience in preparing transport assessment projects and travel plans, as well as junction modelling. The candidate will also be working on a range projects such as providing plans for local services such as parking, road safety and traffic management. You will also be liaising with planning and highways authorities as well as residents of the local area and also other planners and technicians within the office. You will work with technicians to develop mitigation solutions and analyse traffic impact across junction networks. The successful Transport Planner will ideally have: Excellent numeracy skills is essential Great written and verbal communication A quality degree in a relevant subject Proven experience of Transport Assessments, Travel Plans and Junction design Experience within transport planning and modelling environment Experience with relevant software packages, such as AutoCAD If you are hardworking and looking for a fresh opportunity with an established consultancy then this role is for you. In return for your hard work a competitive salary and benefits package is on offer. Commutable locations include Taunton, WestonSuperMare, Bristol, Bridgwater, Exeter, BurnhamonSea, Clevedon, Yeovil and Glastonbury. Interested? For an initial, noncommittal discussion about this vacancy or other opportunities in the environmental sector, please do not hesitate to call Isabel Stephens of Penguin Recruitment on **** **** **** Alternatively you can email your CV and we'll call you back. Emails to: isabel.stephenspenguinrecruitment.co.uk" "['transport', 'planner', 'taunton', 'bens', 'fantastic', 'arisen', 'experienced', 'transport', 'planner', 'growing', 'large', 'multidisciplinary', 'consultancy', 'taunton', 'office', 'transport', 'consultancy', 'specialise', 'range', 'sectors', 'civil', 'structural', 'transport', 'planning', 'modelling', 'ideal', 'transport', 'planner', 'preparing', 'transport', 'assessment', 'projects', 'travel', 'plans', 'junction', 'modelling', 'range', 'projects', 'providing', 'plans', 'local', 'parking', 'road', 'safety', 'traffic', 'liaising', 'planning', 'highways', 'authorities', 'residents', 'local', 'area', 'planners', 'technicians', 'office', 'technicians', 'develop', 'solutions', 'analyse', 'traffic', 'impact', 'junction', 'networks', 'transport', 'planner', 'ideally', 'numeracy', 'essential', 'great', 'written', 'verbal', 'communication', 'quality', 'degree', 'relevant', 'subject', 'proven', 'transport', 'assessments', 'travel', 'plans', 'junction', 'transport', 'planning', 'modelling', 'environment', 'relevant', 'software', 'packages', 'autocad', 'hardworking', 'fresh', 'established', 'consultancy', 'return', 'hard', 'competitive', 'benefits', 'package', 'offer', 'commutable', 'locations', 'include', 'taunton', 'westonsupermare', 'bristol', 'exeter', 'yeovil', 'glastonbury', 'interested', 'initial', 'noncommittal', 'discussion', 'vacancy', 'opportunities', 'environmental', 'sector', 'hesitate', 'call', 'isabel', 'stephens', 'penguin', 'alternatively', 'email', 'cv', 'call', 'back', 'emails', 'isabel', 'stephenspenguinrecruitment']" Engineering
"Title: Senior Engineer
Webindex: 70076688
Company: Carillion plc
Description: Company Overview Carillion is one of the UK s leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over pound;5billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion s principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management amp; Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion s principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group s main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon s portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer. Business Unit/Area Overview UK ConstCarillion Civil Engineering Purpose of Role To coordinate all technical aspects, procure materials timorously and coordinate subcontractors. nbsp;Ensure that quality and costs are controlled. Key Objectives of the Role As well as demonstrating competence in subordinates key objectives: Liaise with employers representatives to raise and answer queries Monitor additional work, day work and/or delays to ensure that costs are recouped Monitor progress against master programme, identify anomalies and implement rectification Monitor quality, safety and environmental systems to ensure compliance to Carillion s management systems Monitor temporary works to ensure they are fit for use Short term programming to monitor against master programme Job Level Overview Subject to managerial direction, the Job Holder will generally be subject to broad practices and procedures that are covered by functional/business precedents and policies. The job holder will generally be at least part professionally qualified and will probably possess some specialised knowledge/skills gained through on the job experience. The Job Holder s performance will have either a very small impact on plc performance, or a small impact on Business Group performance. Operational Accountabilities Accountable for specific areas of responsibility and deliverables and manages the associated risks Delivers activities to support operational objectives for their specific contract, project or specialism Inputs to planning activities with horizons of typically 6 months to one year Operates within agreed operational and/or management guidelines Interacts with client or users around specific work efforts and deliverables Supports delivery of Health and Safety policy and standards Manages the activities of others to meet deadlines and quality standards taking account of impact outside area of responsibility Focus of work is predominantly against defined targets but performs a range of tasks from complex to straightforward Financial Accountabilities Typically manages cost centre budget (first line budgetary accountability) Identifies ways to reduce cost and improve service Manages variable costs (e.g. overtime and agency costs) People Accountabilities For a small contract, section of contract or single disciplinary teams: Typically first line manager with overall people responsibility Optimises performance Undertakes performance reviews and provides training and reward recommendations Responsible for implementing disciplinary actions up to final warning Knowledge and Applied Skills Thorough working knowledge of one functional area through significant job experience amp; training Experience of supporting a business contract and/or providing support to a professional function Likely to have 5 years business experience and/or be a fully qualified professional with minimum of 2 years PQE with Intermediate Level Qualifications. Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00107.txt " Senior Engineer" " 70076688" " Carillion plc" " Company Overview Carillion is one of the UK s leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over pound;5billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion s principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management amp; Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion s principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group s main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon s portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer. Business Unit/Area Overview UK ConstCarillion Civil Engineering Purpose of Role To coordinate all technical aspects, procure materials timorously and coordinate subcontractors. nbsp;Ensure that quality and costs are controlled. Key Objectives of the Role As well as demonstrating competence in subordinates key objectives: Liaise with employers representatives to raise and answer queries Monitor additional work, day work and/or delays to ensure that costs are recouped Monitor progress against master programme, identify anomalies and implement rectification Monitor quality, safety and environmental systems to ensure compliance to Carillion s management systems Monitor temporary works to ensure they are fit for use Short term programming to monitor against master programme Job Level Overview Subject to managerial direction, the Job Holder will generally be subject to broad practices and procedures that are covered by functional/business precedents and policies. The job holder will generally be at least part professionally qualified and will probably possess some specialised knowledge/skills gained through on the job experience. The Job Holder s performance will have either a very small impact on plc performance, or a small impact on Business Group performance. Operational Accountabilities Accountable for specific areas of responsibility and deliverables and manages the associated risks Delivers activities to support operational objectives for their specific contract, project or specialism Inputs to planning activities with horizons of typically 6 months to one year Operates within agreed operational and/or management guidelines Interacts with client or users around specific work efforts and deliverables Supports delivery of Health and Safety policy and standards Manages the activities of others to meet deadlines and quality standards taking account of impact outside area of responsibility Focus of work is predominantly against defined targets but performs a range of tasks from complex to straightforward Financial Accountabilities Typically manages cost centre budget (first line budgetary accountability) Identifies ways to reduce cost and improve service Manages variable costs (e.g. overtime and agency costs) People Accountabilities For a small contract, section of contract or single disciplinary teams: Typically first line manager with overall people responsibility Optimises performance Undertakes performance reviews and provides training and reward recommendations Responsible for implementing disciplinary actions up to final warning Knowledge and Applied Skills Thorough working knowledge of one functional area through significant job experience amp; training Experience of supporting a business contract and/or providing support to a professional function Likely to have 5 years business experience and/or be a fully qualified professional with minimum of 2 years PQE with Intermediate Level Qualifications. Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information" "['overview', 'carillion', 'companies', 'substantial', 'portfolio', 'public', 'private', 'partnership', 'projects', 'extensive', 'construction', 'capabilities', 'group', 'annual', 'revenue', 'pound', 'billion', 'employs', 'people', 'operates', 'middle', 'east', 'canada', 'caribbean', 'carillion', 'principal', 'market', 'sectors', 'defence', 'education', 'health', 'facilities', 'amp', 'rail', 'roads', 'building', 'civil', 'utilities', 'middle', 'east', 'carillion', 'principal', 'market', 'sectors', 'construction', 'facilities', 'canada', 'caribbean', 'group', 'main', 'sectors', 'health', 'roads', 'maintenance', 'construction', 'carillon', 'portfolio', 'equity', 'investments', 'public', 'private', 'partnership', 'projects', 'includes', 'projects', 'canada', 'defence', 'education', 'health', 'transport', 'sectors', 'carillion', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer', 'unit', 'area', 'overview', 'civil', 'purpose', 'coordinate', 'technical', 'aspects', 'procure', 'materials', 'coordinate', 'subcontractors', 'nbsp', 'quality', 'costs', 'controlled', 'key', 'objectives', 'demonstrating', 'competence', 'key', 'objectives', 'liaise', 'employers', 'representatives', 'raise', 'answer', 'queries', 'monitor', 'additional', 'day', 'delays', 'costs', 'monitor', 'progress', 'master', 'programme', 'identify', 'anomalies', 'implement', 'rectification', 'monitor', 'quality', 'safety', 'environmental', 'compliance', 'carillion', 'monitor', 'temporary', 'works', 'fit', 'short', 'term', 'programming', 'monitor', 'master', 'programme', 'level', 'overview', 'subject', 'managerial', 'direction', 'holder', 'generally', 'subject', 'broad', 'practices', 'procedures', 'covered', 'functional', 'policies', 'holder', 'generally', 'part', 'professionally', 'qualified', 'possess', 'specialised', 'gained', 'holder', 'performance', 'small', 'impact', 'plc', 'performance', 'small', 'impact', 'group', 'performance', 'operational', 'accountabilities', 'accountable', 'specific', 'areas', 'responsibility', 'deliverables', 'manages', 'risks', 'delivers', 'activities', 'operational', 'objectives', 'specific', 'contract', 'project', 'specialism', 'inputs', 'planning', 'activities', 'horizons', 'typically', 'months', 'year', 'operates', 'agreed', 'operational', 'guidelines', 'interacts', 'users', 'specific', 'efforts', 'deliverables', 'supports', 'delivery', 'health', 'safety', 'policy', 'standards', 'manages', 'activities', 'meet', 'deadlines', 'quality', 'standards', 'taking', 'account', 'impact', 'area', 'responsibility', 'focus', 'predominantly', 'defined', 'targets', 'performs', 'range', 'tasks', 'complex', 'straightforward', 'accountabilities', 'typically', 'manages', 'cost', 'centre', 'budget', 'line', 'budgetary', 'accountability', 'identifies', 'ways', 'reduce', 'cost', 'improve', 'manages', 'variable', 'costs', 'overtime', 'agency', 'costs', 'people', 'accountabilities', 'small', 'contract', 'section', 'contract', 'single', 'disciplinary', 'teams', 'typically', 'line', 'people', 'responsibility', 'optimises', 'performance', 'undertakes', 'performance', 'reviews', 'reward', 'recommendations', 'responsible', 'implementing', 'disciplinary', 'actions', 'final', 'warning', 'applied', 'functional', 'area', 'significant', 'amp', 'supporting', 'contract', 'providing', 'professional', 'function', 'years', 'fully', 'qualified', 'professional', 'minimum', 'years', 'pqe', 'intermediate', 'level', 'qualifications', 'behavioural', 'competencies', 'achieving', 'builds', 'relationships', 'awareness', 'contributing', 'continuous', 'improvement', 'focus', 'dealing', 'change', 'delivery', 'people', 'planning', 'organising', 'additional', 'information']" Engineering
"Title: SIPP/SSAS Administartor
Webindex: 62017964
Company: Switch Recruitment Services Ltd
Description: Due to continued expansion our client, a well established and recognized SIPP / SSAS consultancy, are currently seeking to recruit an experienced Pension Administrator to provide a comprehensive administration service to customer and advisors. Candidates will ideally have experience in administering a SIPP or SSAS schemes and be looking to join a forward thinking company which offers future career opportunities. Candidates will ideally hold professional qualifications although this is not essential. You will have excellent communication skills and ideally experience of dealing with HNW clients. In return our client is looking to offer a competitive basic salary depending on experience as well as an excellent company benefits package." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00305.txt " SIPP/SSAS Administartor" " 62017964" " Switch Recruitment Services Ltd" " Due to continued expansion our client, a well established and recognized SIPP / SSAS consultancy, are currently seeking to recruit an experienced Pension Administrator to provide a comprehensive administration service to customer and advisors. Candidates will ideally have experience in administering a SIPP or SSAS schemes and be looking to join a forward thinking company which offers future career opportunities. Candidates will ideally hold professional qualifications although this is not essential. You will have excellent communication skills and ideally experience of dealing with HNW clients. In return our client is looking to offer a competitive basic salary depending on experience as well as an excellent company benefits package." "['due', 'continued', 'expansion', 'established', 'recognized', 'sipp', 'ssas', 'consultancy', 'seeking', 'recruit', 'experienced', 'pension', 'administrator', 'comprehensive', 'administration', 'advisors', 'candidates', 'ideally', 'administering', 'sipp', 'ssas', 'schemes', 'forward', 'thinking', 'offers', 'future', 'career', 'opportunities', 'candidates', 'ideally', 'hold', 'professional', 'qualifications', 'essential', 'communication', 'ideally', 'dealing', 'hnw', 'return', 'offer', 'competitive', 'basic', 'depending', 'benefits', 'package']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Supplier Quality Assurance Engineer
Webindex: 69081850
Company: CBSbutler
Description: Job Title: Supplier Quality Assurance Engineer  Electronics Salary: **** Location: Bath Key skills: 3 years in a quality assurance or production role in a PCB assembly and test environment, good working knowledge of ISO9001, An affinity with industrial electronics and their interface with other equipment (eg mechanical/electrical) Main Responsibilities Advising the Engineering departments about best practice regarding design for manufacture and reliability Liaison with worldwide suppliers of PCB assemblies, recommending process improvements Analysis of PCB defects from production/field and providing support as required Evaluating process or product problems and reporting on causes Implementing effective corrective and preventative actions, in close association with suppliers, production, purchasing and engineering Supporting worldwide subsidiaries and customers re problems in the field when necessary Follow up of defect reports with suppliers/customers using appropriate methods (eg NCR system) as required Analysis and presentation of supplier, internal and field performance data Close liaison with the electronics department, advising on new/upgraded products Evaluation of nonconforming material and disposition Chairing and coordinating Design Reviews Approval of new components Conducting supplier assessments Preparation and maintenance of Quality Procedures Assistance/cover for other department members as required Experience 3 years in a quality assurance or production role in a PCB assembly and test environment, covering SMD and conventional components Hands on experience of fault finding PCBs to component level would be advantageous Provision and implementation of closed loop solutions for PCB manufacturing problems An affinity with industrial electronics and their interface with other equipment (eg mechanical/electrical.) A sound grasp of electrical and mechanical engineering principles A good working knowledge of ISO9001 Good IT skills (Microsoft Office suite) Qualifications HNC/HND/Degree in Electronics Engineering Personal Attributes A positive and flexible approach to working time and travel, including overseas A self motivated, professional and confident attitude The ability to persuade and influence colleagues to achieve quality and cost improvements The ability to make instant decisions under pressure The ability to pay attention to detail The ability to communicate at all levels, including quick, concise and accurate report writing The ability to work as part of a team Smart appearance" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00203.txt " Supplier Quality Assurance Engineer" " 69081850" " CBSbutler" " Job Title: Supplier Quality Assurance Engineer  Electronics Salary: **** Location: Bath Key skills: 3 years in a quality assurance or production role in a PCB assembly and test environment, good working knowledge of ISO9001, An affinity with industrial electronics and their interface with other equipment (eg mechanical/electrical) Main Responsibilities Advising the Engineering departments about best practice regarding design for manufacture and reliability Liaison with worldwide suppliers of PCB assemblies, recommending process improvements Analysis of PCB defects from production/field and providing support as required Evaluating process or product problems and reporting on causes Implementing effective corrective and preventative actions, in close association with suppliers, production, purchasing and engineering Supporting worldwide subsidiaries and customers re problems in the field when necessary Follow up of defect reports with suppliers/customers using appropriate methods (eg NCR system) as required Analysis and presentation of supplier, internal and field performance data Close liaison with the electronics department, advising on new/upgraded products Evaluation of nonconforming material and disposition Chairing and coordinating Design Reviews Approval of new components Conducting supplier assessments Preparation and maintenance of Quality Procedures Assistance/cover for other department members as required Experience 3 years in a quality assurance or production role in a PCB assembly and test environment, covering SMD and conventional components Hands on experience of fault finding PCBs to component level would be advantageous Provision and implementation of closed loop solutions for PCB manufacturing problems An affinity with industrial electronics and their interface with other equipment (eg mechanical/electrical.) A sound grasp of electrical and mechanical engineering principles A good working knowledge of ISO9001 Good IT skills (Microsoft Office suite) Qualifications HNC/HND/Degree in Electronics Engineering Personal Attributes A positive and flexible approach to working time and travel, including overseas A self motivated, professional and confident attitude The ability to persuade and influence colleagues to achieve quality and cost improvements The ability to make instant decisions under pressure The ability to pay attention to detail The ability to communicate at all levels, including quick, concise and accurate report writing The ability to work as part of a team Smart appearance" "['title', 'supplier', 'quality', 'assurance', 'electronics', 'location', 'bath', 'key', 'years', 'quality', 'assurance', 'production', 'pcb', 'assembly', 'test', 'environment', 'iso', 'affinity', 'industrial', 'electronics', 'interface', 'equipment', 'mechanical', 'electrical', 'main', 'responsibilities', 'advising', 'departments', 'practice', 'manufacture', 'reliability', 'liaison', 'worldwide', 'suppliers', 'pcb', 'assemblies', 'recommending', 'process', 'improvements', 'analysis', 'pcb', 'defects', 'production', 'field', 'providing', 'evaluating', 'process', 'product', 'problems', 'reporting', 'implementing', 'effective', 'corrective', 'preventative', 'actions', 'close', 'association', 'suppliers', 'production', 'purchasing', 'supporting', 'worldwide', 'subsidiaries', 'customers', 'problems', 'field', 'follow', 'reports', 'suppliers', 'customers', 'methods', 'system', 'analysis', 'presentation', 'supplier', 'internal', 'field', 'performance', 'data', 'close', 'liaison', 'electronics', 'department', 'advising', 'products', 'evaluation', 'material', 'disposition', 'chairing', 'coordinating', 'reviews', 'approval', 'components', 'conducting', 'supplier', 'assessments', 'preparation', 'maintenance', 'quality', 'procedures', 'assistance', 'cover', 'department', 'members', 'years', 'quality', 'assurance', 'production', 'pcb', 'assembly', 'test', 'environment', 'covering', 'conventional', 'components', 'hands', 'fault', 'finding', 'component', 'level', 'advantageous', 'provision', 'implementation', 'closed', 'loop', 'solutions', 'pcb', 'manufacturing', 'problems', 'affinity', 'industrial', 'electronics', 'interface', 'equipment', 'mechanical', 'electrical', 'sound', 'grasp', 'electrical', 'mechanical', 'principles', 'iso', 'microsoft', 'office', 'suite', 'qualifications', 'hnc', 'hnd', 'degree', 'electronics', 'personal', 'attributes', 'positive', 'flexible', 'approach', 'time', 'travel', 'overseas', 'motivated', 'professional', 'confident', 'attitude', 'influence', 'colleagues', 'achieve', 'quality', 'cost', 'improvements', 'make', 'instant', 'decisions', 'pressure', 'pay', 'attention', 'detail', 'communicate', 'levels', 'quick', 'concise', 'accurate', 'report', 'writing', 'part', 'smart', 'appearance']" Engineering
"Title: Family Intervention Support Worker
Webindex: 48844742
Description: A Specialist Support Worker is required on an initial 3 month contract to join a Local Authorities Intensive Family Support Service in South Wales. This is a new team which has recently been set up. You will be required to deliver quality services, including practical support, that enables parents with children identified to be in need to build on their capacity to enhance and promote their child's health and development, in line with the goals set by the family during the intensive phase of the intervention. Main duties will include: To be part of a team providing practical and emotional support to enable families to sustain the goals set during phase one of the IFSS intervention including: enhancing parental wellbeing, by developing their confidence and selfesteem and supporting them to access community services/groups, appointments etc. Providing maintenance, support/booster sessions to families following a more intensive, taskcentred intervention in order to sustain progress achieved through other timelimited family support interventions. Specialist work with children and young people to enhance resilience within families experiencing issues with substance misuse To support parents/children/family members to attend appointments To deliver services in family homes in a sensitive and professional manner To maintain appropriate records and reports, and to make effective use of the ICT systems for recording information, in line with the relevant policies and procedures. To attend meetings and present evidence and information in a formal setting, e.g. Child In Need Reviews, Case Conferences, Court Proceedings. To liaise with other agencies and organisations as identified in the Child's Care Plan.**** To participate in team meetings, supervision and training to maximise development opportunities that promotes self or team development. Experience of working with children & families is essential for this role. Full driving licence and access to a car is required. Contact Sarah Leigh at Eden Brown today on **** **** or email your CV to s.leighedenbrown.com Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00548.txt " Family Intervention Support Worker" " 48844742"  " A Specialist Support Worker is required on an initial 3 month contract to join a Local Authorities Intensive Family Support Service in South Wales. This is a new team which has recently been set up. You will be required to deliver quality services, including practical support, that enables parents with children identified to be in need to build on their capacity to enhance and promote their child's health and development, in line with the goals set by the family during the intensive phase of the intervention. Main duties will include: To be part of a team providing practical and emotional support to enable families to sustain the goals set during phase one of the IFSS intervention including: enhancing parental wellbeing, by developing their confidence and selfesteem and supporting them to access community services/groups, appointments etc. Providing maintenance, support/booster sessions to families following a more intensive, taskcentred intervention in order to sustain progress achieved through other timelimited family support interventions. Specialist work with children and young people to enhance resilience within families experiencing issues with substance misuse To support parents/children/family members to attend appointments To deliver services in family homes in a sensitive and professional manner To maintain appropriate records and reports, and to make effective use of the ICT systems for recording information, in line with the relevant policies and procedures. To attend meetings and present evidence and information in a formal setting, e.g. Child In Need Reviews, Case Conferences, Court Proceedings. To liaise with other agencies and organisations as identified in the Child's Care Plan.**** To participate in team meetings, supervision and training to maximise development opportunities that promotes self or team development. Experience of working with children & families is essential for this role. Full driving licence and access to a car is required. Contact Sarah Leigh at Eden Brown today on **** **** or email your CV to s.leighedenbrown.com Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy." "['specialist', 'worker', 'initial', 'month', 'contract', 'local', 'authorities', 'intensive', 'family', 'south', 'wales', 'recently', 'set', 'deliver', 'quality', 'practical', 'enables', 'parents', 'children', 'identified', 'build', 'capacity', 'enhance', 'promote', ""child's"", 'health', 'line', 'goals', 'set', 'family', 'intensive', 'phase', 'intervention', 'main', 'duties', 'include', 'part', 'providing', 'practical', 'emotional', 'enable', 'families', 'sustain', 'goals', 'set', 'phase', 'intervention', 'enhancing', 'wellbeing', 'developing', 'confidence', 'supporting', 'access', 'community', 'groups', 'appointments', 'providing', 'maintenance', 'sessions', 'families', 'intensive', 'intervention', 'order', 'sustain', 'progress', 'achieved', 'family', 'interventions', 'specialist', 'children', 'young', 'people', 'enhance', 'resilience', 'families', 'experiencing', 'issues', 'substance', 'misuse', 'parents', 'children', 'family', 'members', 'attend', 'appointments', 'deliver', 'family', 'homes', 'sensitive', 'professional', 'manner', 'maintain', 'records', 'reports', 'make', 'effective', 'ict', 'recording', 'information', 'line', 'relevant', 'policies', 'procedures', 'attend', 'meetings', 'present', 'evidence', 'information', 'formal', 'setting', 'child', 'reviews', 'case', 'conferences', 'court', 'proceedings', 'liaise', 'agencies', 'organisations', 'identified', ""child's"", 'plan', 'participate', 'meetings', 'supervision', 'maximise', 'opportunities', 'promotes', 'children', 'families', 'essential', 'driving', 'licence', 'access', 'car', 'contact', 'sarah', 'leigh', 'eden', 'brown', 'today', 'email', 'cv', 'leighedenbrown', 'eden', 'brown', 'committed', 'equality', 'workplace', 'equal', 'employer', 'eden', 'brown', 'acting', 'employment', 'relation', 'vacancy']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: ICU Registered Nurse  Central London
Webindex: 72609755
Company: HCL Permanent.
Description: ICU Registered Nurse  Central London HCL Permanent is working in conjunction with a leading private hospital in Central London to recruit an experienced Registered Nurse to work in their ICU. Internationally renowned for providing high quality care across a wide range of specialities, this position provides an exciting challenge for an enthusiastic ICU Staff Nurse looking to excel in their career. General Responsibilities: Deputising for Senior Staff Nurse in their absence Asses, plan and deliver high standards of critical care nursing Supervise and direct junior staff Assist medical staff in performing clinical procedures Plan discharges from admissions, liaising with the multidisciplinary team, other departments and community services as necessary Requirements: NCM registered Significant experience in ICU Benefits: Continuous training and development Employee discount (Dental Insurance, Gym Membership, High Street Retailers) Private healthcare insurance Life Insurance Contributory money purchase pension scheme To apply for this position please forward your CV to aaron.smithhclpermanent.com or contact Aaron Smith on **** EXT ****" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00542.txt " ICU Registered Nurse  Central London" " 72609755" " HCL Permanent." " ICU Registered Nurse  Central London HCL Permanent is working in conjunction with a leading private hospital in Central London to recruit an experienced Registered Nurse to work in their ICU. Internationally renowned for providing high quality care across a wide range of specialities, this position provides an exciting challenge for an enthusiastic ICU Staff Nurse looking to excel in their career. General Responsibilities: Deputising for Senior Staff Nurse in their absence Asses, plan and deliver high standards of critical care nursing Supervise and direct junior staff Assist medical staff in performing clinical procedures Plan discharges from admissions, liaising with the multidisciplinary team, other departments and community services as necessary Requirements: NCM registered Significant experience in ICU Benefits: Continuous training and development Employee discount (Dental Insurance, Gym Membership, High Street Retailers) Private healthcare insurance Life Insurance Contributory money purchase pension scheme To apply for this position please forward your CV to aaron.smithhclpermanent.com or contact Aaron Smith on **** EXT ****" "['icu', 'registered', 'nurse', 'central', 'london', 'hcl', 'permanent', 'conjunction', 'private', 'hospital', 'central', 'london', 'recruit', 'experienced', 'registered', 'nurse', 'icu', 'internationally', 'renowned', 'providing', 'quality', 'wide', 'range', 'specialities', 'exciting', 'challenge', 'enthusiastic', 'icu', 'nurse', 'excel', 'career', 'general', 'responsibilities', 'deputising', 'senior', 'nurse', 'absence', 'plan', 'deliver', 'standards', 'critical', 'nursing', 'supervise', 'direct', 'junior', 'assist', 'medical', 'performing', 'clinical', 'procedures', 'plan', 'admissions', 'liaising', 'multidisciplinary', 'departments', 'community', 'requirements', 'registered', 'significant', 'icu', 'benefits', 'continuous', 'employee', 'discount', 'dental', 'insurance', 'gym', 'membership', 'street', 'retailers', 'private', 'healthcare', 'insurance', 'life', 'insurance', 'contributory', 'money', 'purchase', 'pension', 'scheme', 'forward', 'cv', 'aaron', 'contact', 'aaron', 'smith', 'ext']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: DR ACCOUNT MANAGER  FANTASTIC STRATEGIC ROLE
Webindex: 71750603
Company: Ultimate Asset
Description: THE ROLE This is an industry leading role, working at a great agency on a range of stunning accounts Reporting into the Head of Performance and supported by a Media Executive and a dedicated Performance Analyst, you will play a key role within the department. You will be the main clientfacing contact across a number of accounts and will manage the team's output to deliver outstanding work and client service. This will entail attending and presenting in client meetings on everything from their overall business strategy, to media recommendations and rationale, marketplace & competitor trends and postcampaign evaluation. You will be responsible for managing the output of the extended team from start to finish. This means delegating tasks within the Performance team based on capacity and skillsets and briefing press/TV/OOH/Digital buyers, then ensuring that all high quality work is delivered to fully answer the client's brief within determined timeframes and budgets. REQUIREMENTS You must have a genuine interest in Performance marketing. This role requires someone who wants to progress in their career. You will be supported all the way so you must be someone who loves a challenge, wants to be stretched and has a passion for media. Other requirements include: Multimedia planning experience with a performance focus Full understanding of planning process from briefing to reporting campaign analysis Experience in projectmanaging and ability to deliver firstclass post campaign analysis presentations and media proposals. Confident and proficient in front of clients with strong communication skills on email and over the phone. An organised approach to managing work streams, both for your own work and that from within the extended team. It is a busy role so you would need to demonstrate strong timekeeping, prioritisation and personal admin skills. A likeable individual who can quickly strike up strong relationships with clients as well as internal colleagues and media owners. This is a great chance to join a fantastic agency, on brilliant clients. THE COMPANY You'll be working for one of the fastest growing media agencies in London which is part of a large agency group. This agency has produced a huge amount of industry leaders, with a reputation for cleaning up at awards ceremonies, attracting global megabrands and offering its staff clear and defined career paths. This agency's forward thinking and curious about what makes people tick. This is a fantastic opportunity so please get in contact with James Stevenson on **** **** **** I am also on LinkedIn (search for James Stevenson). We currently have a number of other exciting manager opportunities which I would love to chat through with you, all at prominent media agencies." 3 data/Sales\Job_00664.txt " DR ACCOUNT MANAGER  FANTASTIC STRATEGIC ROLE" " 71750603" " Ultimate Asset" " THE ROLE This is an industry leading role, working at a great agency on a range of stunning accounts Reporting into the Head of Performance and supported by a Media Executive and a dedicated Performance Analyst, you will play a key role within the department. You will be the main clientfacing contact across a number of accounts and will manage the team's output to deliver outstanding work and client service. This will entail attending and presenting in client meetings on everything from their overall business strategy, to media recommendations and rationale, marketplace & competitor trends and postcampaign evaluation. You will be responsible for managing the output of the extended team from start to finish. This means delegating tasks within the Performance team based on capacity and skillsets and briefing press/TV/OOH/Digital buyers, then ensuring that all high quality work is delivered to fully answer the client's brief within determined timeframes and budgets. REQUIREMENTS You must have a genuine interest in Performance marketing. This role requires someone who wants to progress in their career. You will be supported all the way so you must be someone who loves a challenge, wants to be stretched and has a passion for media. Other requirements include: Multimedia planning experience with a performance focus Full understanding of planning process from briefing to reporting campaign analysis Experience in projectmanaging and ability to deliver firstclass post campaign analysis presentations and media proposals. Confident and proficient in front of clients with strong communication skills on email and over the phone. An organised approach to managing work streams, both for your own work and that from within the extended team. It is a busy role so you would need to demonstrate strong timekeeping, prioritisation and personal admin skills. A likeable individual who can quickly strike up strong relationships with clients as well as internal colleagues and media owners. This is a great chance to join a fantastic agency, on brilliant clients. THE COMPANY You'll be working for one of the fastest growing media agencies in London which is part of a large agency group. This agency has produced a huge amount of industry leaders, with a reputation for cleaning up at awards ceremonies, attracting global megabrands and offering its staff clear and defined career paths. This agency's forward thinking and curious about what makes people tick. This is a fantastic opportunity so please get in contact with James Stevenson on **** **** **** I am also on LinkedIn (search for James Stevenson). We currently have a number of other exciting manager opportunities which I would love to chat through with you, all at prominent media agencies." "['industry', 'great', 'agency', 'range', 'stunning', 'accounts', 'reporting', 'head', 'performance', 'supported', 'media', 'executive', 'dedicated', 'performance', 'analyst', 'play', 'key', 'department', 'main', 'clientfacing', 'contact', 'number', 'accounts', 'manage', ""team's"", 'output', 'deliver', 'outstanding', 'entail', 'attending', 'presenting', 'meetings', 'strategy', 'media', 'recommendations', 'marketplace', 'competitor', 'trends', 'evaluation', 'responsible', 'managing', 'output', 'extended', 'start', 'finish', 'means', 'delegating', 'tasks', 'performance', 'capacity', 'briefing', 'press', 'tv', 'ooh', 'digital', 'buyers', 'ensuring', 'quality', 'delivered', 'fully', 'answer', ""client's"", 'determined', 'budgets', 'requirements', 'genuine', 'interest', 'performance', 'marketing', 'requires', 'progress', 'career', 'supported', 'loves', 'challenge', 'passion', 'media', 'requirements', 'include', 'multimedia', 'planning', 'performance', 'focus', 'understanding', 'planning', 'process', 'briefing', 'reporting', 'campaign', 'analysis', 'deliver', 'firstclass', 'post', 'campaign', 'analysis', 'presentations', 'media', 'proposals', 'confident', 'proficient', 'front', 'communication', 'email', 'phone', 'organised', 'approach', 'managing', 'extended', 'busy', 'demonstrate', 'prioritisation', 'personal', 'admin', 'individual', 'quickly', 'relationships', 'internal', 'colleagues', 'media', 'owners', 'great', 'chance', 'fantastic', 'agency', 'brilliant', 'fastest', 'growing', 'media', 'agencies', 'london', 'part', 'large', 'agency', 'group', 'agency', 'produced', 'huge', 'amount', 'industry', 'leaders', 'reputation', 'cleaning', 'awards', 'attracting', 'global', 'offering', 'clear', 'defined', 'career', 'paths', 'forward', 'thinking', 'makes', 'people', 'fantastic', 'contact', 'james', 'stevenson', 'linkedin', 'search', 'james', 'stevenson', 'number', 'exciting', 'opportunities', 'love', 'chat', 'media', 'agencies']" Sales
"Title: Media Sales Account Executive  niche multimedia
Webindex: 69989027
Company: Ad Lib
Description: We are on the hunt for a talented Media Sales Account Executive with good b2b commercial experience to sell media and advertising solutions for a highly influential and wellestablished niche media organisation. Focussing purely on new business generation, you will, through a consultative sale, provide media, marketing and advertising solutions to SME`s and specialist advertisers, all from glorious office surrounds. The rich portfolio of media products that you will be drawing from includes online and digital advertising, emarketing, print advertising and social media, giving you every possible opportunity to make a profitable connection. Overcoming reservations and objection handling should be second nature to you and in addition you should be a very targetorientated and sales focussed person with an eye for detail, a good head for numbers and possess a minimum of an uppersecond class degree. And if you`ve already picked up some media sales or advertising sales experience then that`s a huge bonus You will be responsible for meeting and surpassing set revenue targets through mainly telephone and some face to face sales at exhibitions or conferences. In addition to having an aptitude for hunting new business, you should also have a strong ability to manage client relationships and have the awareness to cross sell and upsell, when appropriate. You will be launching yourself into an innovative, progressive and forward thinking media company and onto the path for a fantastic, exciting new career in the fast paced advertising world. With a basic salary of up to ****k, plus bonuses, benefits and a convenientlylocated office, you should email your CV to us today and show us why you`re perfect for the role This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MediaSalesAccountExecutivenichemultimedia_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00648.txt " Media Sales Account Executive  niche multimedia" " 69989027" " Ad Lib" " We are on the hunt for a talented Media Sales Account Executive with good b2b commercial experience to sell media and advertising solutions for a highly influential and wellestablished niche media organisation. Focussing purely on new business generation, you will, through a consultative sale, provide media, marketing and advertising solutions to SME`s and specialist advertisers, all from glorious office surrounds. The rich portfolio of media products that you will be drawing from includes online and digital advertising, emarketing, print advertising and social media, giving you every possible opportunity to make a profitable connection. Overcoming reservations and objection handling should be second nature to you and in addition you should be a very targetorientated and sales focussed person with an eye for detail, a good head for numbers and possess a minimum of an uppersecond class degree. And if you`ve already picked up some media sales or advertising sales experience then that`s a huge bonus You will be responsible for meeting and surpassing set revenue targets through mainly telephone and some face to face sales at exhibitions or conferences. In addition to having an aptitude for hunting new business, you should also have a strong ability to manage client relationships and have the awareness to cross sell and upsell, when appropriate. You will be launching yourself into an innovative, progressive and forward thinking media company and onto the path for a fantastic, exciting new career in the fast paced advertising world. With a basic salary of up to ****k, plus bonuses, benefits and a convenientlylocated office, you should email your CV to us today and show us why you`re perfect for the role This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MediaSalesAccountExecutivenichemultimedia_job****" "['hunt', 'talented', 'media', 'account', 'executive', 'commercial', 'sell', 'media', 'advertising', 'solutions', 'highly', 'influential', 'wellestablished', 'niche', 'media', 'organisation', 'focussing', 'generation', 'consultative', 'sale', 'media', 'marketing', 'advertising', 'solutions', 'sme', 'specialist', 'office', 'rich', 'portfolio', 'media', 'products', 'drawing', 'includes', 'online', 'digital', 'advertising', 'emarketing', 'print', 'advertising', 'social', 'media', 'giving', 'make', 'profitable', 'connection', 'reservations', 'objection', 'handling', 'nature', 'addition', 'focussed', 'person', 'eye', 'detail', 'head', 'numbers', 'possess', 'minimum', 'class', 'degree', 've', 'media', 'advertising', 'huge', 'bonus', 'responsible', 'meeting', 'set', 'revenue', 'targets', 'telephone', 'face', 'face', 'exhibitions', 'conferences', 'addition', 'aptitude', 'hunting', 'manage', 'relationships', 'awareness', 'cross', 'sell', 'upsell', 'launching', 'innovative', 'progressive', 'forward', 'thinking', 'media', 'path', 'fantastic', 'exciting', 'career', 'fast', 'paced', 'advertising', 'world', 'basic', 'bonuses', 'benefits', 'office', 'email', 'cv', 'today', 'show', 'perfect', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Territory Sales Manager/Medical Sales Executive
Webindex: 68257449
Company: BMS Sales Specialists LLP
Description: Territory Sales Manager/Medical Sales Executive  Acute Care Devices ****k  ****k  Car London Essex THE COMPANY : Holding the majority of the market share in the UK and renowned throughout Europe, this independent medical sales organisation now seeks a new territory sales manager to cover London and Essex. They manufacture acute care products including monitors, filtration kits, blood warmers and renal replacement therapy items and the new territory sales manager will be selling into ICU departments within NHS hospitals. With specialist support from therapy specialists and a full **** month training programme, this expanding company will give you all the tools you need in order to succeed in this highly demanding and exciting medical sales role. THE PERSON: The successful sales candidate will have the following skills; Strong field sales background You must have sold medical devices into theatre, cardiology or ICU Knowledge of acute care products is highly preferred You will be focused, dedicated and sociable with the intellect to absorb significant training THE PACKAGE: ****k Basic Salary  ****k Commission Fully Expensed Company Car Mobile, iPad, Pension, Healthcare, Life Assurance, 25 Days Holidays BMS is a leading recruitment consultancy specialising in sales recruitment . Established in 1990, BMS has achieved a truly nationwide presence through a number of regional centres. The head office in Egham is ideally located to service the needs of candidates and clients alike throughout London and the South East. Offering medical sales jobs for Trainees, Sales Representatives, Sales Executives, Nurse Advisors, Area Sales Managers, Territory Managers and Account Managers, opportunities are available in every corner of the UK. Conveniently located on the M25, between the M3, M4 and M40 we are committed to meet with all potentially suitable applicants, face to face. Furthermore, our organisation consists of several highly focused teams, aimed at specific market sectors, enabling us to deliver a service directly tailored to your needs. Please visit our website at www.bmsuk.com alternatively contact one of our specialist medical sales consultants Oliver Fox or Tom Pringle on **** **** This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/TerritorySalesManagerMedicalSalesExecutive_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00654.txt " Territory Sales Manager/Medical Sales Executive" " 68257449" " BMS Sales Specialists LLP" " Territory Sales Manager/Medical Sales Executive  Acute Care Devices ****k  ****k  Car London Essex THE COMPANY : Holding the majority of the market share in the UK and renowned throughout Europe, this independent medical sales organisation now seeks a new territory sales manager to cover London and Essex. They manufacture acute care products including monitors, filtration kits, blood warmers and renal replacement therapy items and the new territory sales manager will be selling into ICU departments within NHS hospitals. With specialist support from therapy specialists and a full **** month training programme, this expanding company will give you all the tools you need in order to succeed in this highly demanding and exciting medical sales role. THE PERSON: The successful sales candidate will have the following skills; Strong field sales background You must have sold medical devices into theatre, cardiology or ICU Knowledge of acute care products is highly preferred You will be focused, dedicated and sociable with the intellect to absorb significant training THE PACKAGE: ****k Basic Salary  ****k Commission Fully Expensed Company Car Mobile, iPad, Pension, Healthcare, Life Assurance, 25 Days Holidays BMS is a leading recruitment consultancy specialising in sales recruitment . Established in 1990, BMS has achieved a truly nationwide presence through a number of regional centres. The head office in Egham is ideally located to service the needs of candidates and clients alike throughout London and the South East. Offering medical sales jobs for Trainees, Sales Representatives, Sales Executives, Nurse Advisors, Area Sales Managers, Territory Managers and Account Managers, opportunities are available in every corner of the UK. Conveniently located on the M25, between the M3, M4 and M40 we are committed to meet with all potentially suitable applicants, face to face. Furthermore, our organisation consists of several highly focused teams, aimed at specific market sectors, enabling us to deliver a service directly tailored to your needs. Please visit our website at www.bmsuk.com alternatively contact one of our specialist medical sales consultants Oliver Fox or Tom Pringle on **** **** This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/TerritorySalesManagerMedicalSalesExecutive_job****" "['territory', 'medical', 'executive', 'acute', 'devices', 'car', 'london', 'essex', 'holding', 'majority', 'market', 'share', 'renowned', 'europe', 'independent', 'medical', 'organisation', 'seeks', 'territory', 'cover', 'london', 'essex', 'manufacture', 'acute', 'products', 'monitors', 'kits', 'blood', 'replacement', 'therapy', 'items', 'territory', 'selling', 'icu', 'departments', 'nhs', 'hospitals', 'specialist', 'therapy', 'specialists', 'month', 'programme', 'expanding', 'give', 'tools', 'order', 'succeed', 'highly', 'demanding', 'exciting', 'medical', 'person', 'field', 'background', 'sold', 'medical', 'devices', 'theatre', 'cardiology', 'icu', 'acute', 'products', 'highly', 'preferred', 'focused', 'dedicated', 'sociable', 'significant', 'package', 'basic', 'commission', 'fully', 'expensed', 'car', 'mobile', 'ipad', 'pension', 'healthcare', 'life', 'assurance', 'days', 'holidays', 'bms', 'consultancy', 'specialising', 'established', 'bms', 'achieved', 'nationwide', 'presence', 'number', 'regional', 'centres', 'head', 'office', 'egham', 'ideally', 'located', 'candidates', 'alike', 'london', 'south', 'east', 'offering', 'medical', 'jobs', 'trainees', 'representatives', 'executives', 'nurse', 'advisors', 'area', 'managers', 'territory', 'managers', 'account', 'managers', 'opportunities', 'corner', 'conveniently', 'located', 'committed', 'meet', 'potentially', 'suitable', 'applicants', 'face', 'face', 'organisation', 'consists', 'highly', 'focused', 'teams', 'aimed', 'specific', 'market', 'sectors', 'enabling', 'deliver', 'directly', 'tailored', 'visit', 'website', 'www', 'bmsuk', 'alternatively', 'contact', 'specialist', 'medical', 'consultants', 'oliver', 'fox', 'tom', 'pringle', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'salestarget', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Security Service Engineer
Webindex: 69007802
Company: Proactive Careers
Description: Security Service Engineer Chance to learn AV and Fire (if want too) for **** Electronic Security Engineers (M25 area), and Earn 34k with excellent callout and overtime. SALARY up to **** Earnings ****  ****  overtime  Standby/ **** per Call out BENEFITS Company Vehicle  Pension  Good Earnings  M25 work in your area. Call Steven Eley at Proactive Careers (Fire and Security) if you are a Security systems Service Engineer or Fire and Security Engineer near or in M25 OPPORTUNITY  Company are hiring **** Security Service Engineers and we are their EXCLUSIVE RECRUITERS so please apply in confidence (even if you are interviewing elsewhere for other Fire and Security Service Engineer jobs. NO CALL OUT AVAILABLE HERE The Clients they deal with include Hi End/ Quality residential Premises (7 Bed Houses, Multi Residence Apartments) and small to Large Commercial buildings such as Office, etc. You will be servicing and maintaining Security systems in your area (and Fire Alarms if you can) The company look after their engineers and will offer training to advance the skills of Good engineers (NO TRAINEES PLEASE) WHO DO WE NEED   **** Hardworking Service Engineers with CCTV, Access Control/ Door Entry Intruder and hopefully Fire Alarm maintenance, fault finding and servicing experience  Service Engineers based in South East preferably near or inside M25, but Berkshire, North Hampshire, Surrey, Hertfordshire, South Buckinghamshire, Essex, North Kent, North Sussex, Middlesex or London are all good locations. NO TRAINEES PLEASE, MUST HAVE SERVICED/ MAINTAINED ELECTRONIC SECURITY SYSTEMS If you are a Good Fire Alarm engineer or fire alarm service engineer who can service security systems (or are a Security Service engineer who can service CCTV, Access Control/ Door Entry and/ or intruder) please apply ASAP **** engineers positions available as we are building a new team. So please apply and recommend or pass onto other Security Service Engineers or Fire and Security Engineers please. Preferable experience will be with  Galaxy, Paxton, BPT systems amongst others CONTACT US ASAP  ****k  Earn ********k  Excellent CALL OUT rate  CAR  Overtime  learning Counties, Towns and Areas you may live in include  Home Counties, M25 Area, South East or London, Essex, Sussex, Surrey, Middlesex, Hertfordshire, Buckinghamshire, Berkshire, Bedfordshire, and Towns such as Romford, Barnet, Croydon, Staines, Harrow, Burgess Hill, Bracknell, Slough, Twickenham, Watford, Hatfield, Brentwood, Sutton, Hemel Hempstead, Ealing, Enfield, Woking, Redhill, London City, East London, South London, West Lodon, East London, North London or other commutable location in South East/ London areas. Your Fire and Security Consultant  Steve Eley PROACTIVE Careers PROACTIVE RECRUITERS (FIRE AND SECURITY) is a specialist in Finding, Interviewing and Testing Fire and Security Engineers and supporting staff across the UK. Please apply ASAP if you are a Service Engineer of Electronic Security systems such as Intruder, Acces Control and CCTV systems, as were acting as Employment Agency to fill these permanent jobs for our client" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00027.txt " Security Service Engineer" " 69007802" " Proactive Careers" " Security Service Engineer Chance to learn AV and Fire (if want too) for **** Electronic Security Engineers (M25 area), and Earn 34k with excellent callout and overtime. SALARY up to **** Earnings ****  ****  overtime  Standby/ **** per Call out BENEFITS Company Vehicle  Pension  Good Earnings  M25 work in your area. Call Steven Eley at Proactive Careers (Fire and Security) if you are a Security systems Service Engineer or Fire and Security Engineer near or in M25 OPPORTUNITY  Company are hiring **** Security Service Engineers and we are their EXCLUSIVE RECRUITERS so please apply in confidence (even if you are interviewing elsewhere for other Fire and Security Service Engineer jobs. NO CALL OUT AVAILABLE HERE The Clients they deal with include Hi End/ Quality residential Premises (7 Bed Houses, Multi Residence Apartments) and small to Large Commercial buildings such as Office, etc. You will be servicing and maintaining Security systems in your area (and Fire Alarms if you can) The company look after their engineers and will offer training to advance the skills of Good engineers (NO TRAINEES PLEASE) WHO DO WE NEED   **** Hardworking Service Engineers with CCTV, Access Control/ Door Entry Intruder and hopefully Fire Alarm maintenance, fault finding and servicing experience  Service Engineers based in South East preferably near or inside M25, but Berkshire, North Hampshire, Surrey, Hertfordshire, South Buckinghamshire, Essex, North Kent, North Sussex, Middlesex or London are all good locations. NO TRAINEES PLEASE, MUST HAVE SERVICED/ MAINTAINED ELECTRONIC SECURITY SYSTEMS If you are a Good Fire Alarm engineer or fire alarm service engineer who can service security systems (or are a Security Service engineer who can service CCTV, Access Control/ Door Entry and/ or intruder) please apply ASAP **** engineers positions available as we are building a new team. So please apply and recommend or pass onto other Security Service Engineers or Fire and Security Engineers please. Preferable experience will be with  Galaxy, Paxton, BPT systems amongst others CONTACT US ASAP  ****k  Earn ********k  Excellent CALL OUT rate  CAR  Overtime  learning Counties, Towns and Areas you may live in include  Home Counties, M25 Area, South East or London, Essex, Sussex, Surrey, Middlesex, Hertfordshire, Buckinghamshire, Berkshire, Bedfordshire, and Towns such as Romford, Barnet, Croydon, Staines, Harrow, Burgess Hill, Bracknell, Slough, Twickenham, Watford, Hatfield, Brentwood, Sutton, Hemel Hempstead, Ealing, Enfield, Woking, Redhill, London City, East London, South London, West Lodon, East London, North London or other commutable location in South East/ London areas. Your Fire and Security Consultant  Steve Eley PROACTIVE Careers PROACTIVE RECRUITERS (FIRE AND SECURITY) is a specialist in Finding, Interviewing and Testing Fire and Security Engineers and supporting staff across the UK. Please apply ASAP if you are a Service Engineer of Electronic Security systems such as Intruder, Acces Control and CCTV systems, as were acting as Employment Agency to fill these permanent jobs for our client" "['security', 'chance', 'learn', 'av', 'fire', 'electronic', 'security', 'engineers', 'area', 'earn', 'overtime', 'earnings', 'overtime', 'call', 'benefits', 'vehicle', 'pension', 'earnings', 'area', 'call', 'steven', 'eley', 'proactive', 'careers', 'fire', 'security', 'security', 'fire', 'security', 'hiring', 'security', 'engineers', 'exclusive', 'recruiters', 'confidence', 'interviewing', 'fire', 'security', 'jobs', 'call', 'deal', 'include', 'end', 'quality', 'residential', 'premises', 'bed', 'houses', 'multi', 'residence', 'apartments', 'small', 'large', 'commercial', 'buildings', 'office', 'servicing', 'maintaining', 'security', 'area', 'fire', 'alarms', 'engineers', 'offer', 'advance', 'engineers', 'trainees', 'hardworking', 'engineers', 'cctv', 'access', 'control', 'door', 'entry', 'intruder', 'fire', 'alarm', 'maintenance', 'fault', 'finding', 'servicing', 'engineers', 'south', 'east', 'preferably', 'inside', 'berkshire', 'north', 'hampshire', 'surrey', 'hertfordshire', 'south', 'buckinghamshire', 'essex', 'north', 'kent', 'north', 'sussex', 'middlesex', 'london', 'locations', 'trainees', 'serviced', 'maintained', 'electronic', 'security', 'fire', 'alarm', 'fire', 'alarm', 'security', 'security', 'cctv', 'access', 'control', 'door', 'entry', 'intruder', 'asap', 'engineers', 'positions', 'building', 'recommend', 'pass', 'security', 'engineers', 'fire', 'security', 'engineers', 'preferable', 'galaxy', 'contact', 'asap', 'earn', 'call', 'rate', 'car', 'overtime', 'learning', 'counties', 'towns', 'areas', 'live', 'include', 'counties', 'area', 'south', 'east', 'london', 'essex', 'sussex', 'surrey', 'middlesex', 'hertfordshire', 'buckinghamshire', 'berkshire', 'bedfordshire', 'towns', 'romford', 'croydon', 'harrow', 'burgess', 'hill', 'bracknell', 'slough', 'watford', 'hatfield', 'sutton', 'hemel', 'hempstead', 'ealing', 'enfield', 'woking', 'redhill', 'london', 'city', 'east', 'london', 'south', 'london', 'west', 'east', 'london', 'north', 'london', 'commutable', 'location', 'south', 'east', 'london', 'areas', 'fire', 'security', 'consultant', 'steve', 'eley', 'proactive', 'careers', 'proactive', 'recruiters', 'fire', 'security', 'specialist', 'finding', 'interviewing', 'testing', 'fire', 'security', 'engineers', 'supporting', 'asap', 'electronic', 'security', 'intruder', 'control', 'cctv', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'fill', 'permanent', 'jobs']" Engineering
"Title: Qualified Social Worker
Webindex: 69580390
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: An exciting opportunity has arisen in the Wrexham area for an experienced children's social worker to work within a rapidly expanding fostering service. The ideal candidate will have experience working with children and families and fostering experience would be an advantage. You will: Undertake assessments of prospective Foster Carers and present to panel Contribute to running the Foster Carers Support Group programme Undertake duty and the matching of emergency and planned referrals to vacancies Contribute to the marketing of the Foster Care Service to local authorities Support providers of supported lodgings Participate in supervision and continuous professional development Ensure that all necessary paperwork is in place Undertake annual reviews of foster carers and present to panel Maintain all recordsAll applicants must be a Qualified Social Worker with a minimum of 1 years post qualified experience and be registered with the HCPC or the Care Council for Wales." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00540.txt " Qualified Social Worker" " 69580390" " UKStaffsearch" " An exciting opportunity has arisen in the Wrexham area for an experienced children's social worker to work within a rapidly expanding fostering service. The ideal candidate will have experience working with children and families and fostering experience would be an advantage. You will: Undertake assessments of prospective Foster Carers and present to panel Contribute to running the Foster Carers Support Group programme Undertake duty and the matching of emergency and planned referrals to vacancies Contribute to the marketing of the Foster Care Service to local authorities Support providers of supported lodgings Participate in supervision and continuous professional development Ensure that all necessary paperwork is in place Undertake annual reviews of foster carers and present to panel Maintain all recordsAll applicants must be a Qualified Social Worker with a minimum of 1 years post qualified experience and be registered with the HCPC or the Care Council for Wales." "['exciting', 'arisen', 'area', 'experienced', ""children's"", 'social', 'worker', 'rapidly', 'expanding', 'fostering', 'ideal', 'children', 'families', 'fostering', 'advantage', 'undertake', 'assessments', 'prospective', 'foster', 'carers', 'present', 'panel', 'contribute', 'running', 'foster', 'carers', 'group', 'programme', 'undertake', 'duty', 'matching', 'emergency', 'planned', 'referrals', 'vacancies', 'contribute', 'marketing', 'foster', 'local', 'authorities', 'providers', 'supported', 'participate', 'supervision', 'continuous', 'professional', 'paperwork', 'place', 'undertake', 'annual', 'reviews', 'foster', 'carers', 'present', 'panel', 'maintain', 'applicants', 'qualified', 'social', 'worker', 'minimum', 'years', 'post', 'qualified', 'registered', 'hcpc', 'council', 'wales']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Recruitment Consultant/Account Manager  Cheltenham
Webindex: 71745516
Company: DataSource Computer Employment
Description: Recruitment Consultant/Account Manager WANTED to join our growing team in Cheltenham Datasource is an IT Engineering Specialist Recruitment agency based on the Promenade in central Cheltenham. The ideal candidate will be organised and used to working in a very busy and exciting environment. You should have experience working in a customerfacing environment and will have an excellent telephone manner. The main duties and responsibilities will include: Searching on job boards Arranging interviews and offers for candidates Managing client accounts Identify, approach, and ultimately represent candidates for niche technical roles Manage our internal database and ensure notes/communication are up to date and accurately entered Assess candidates, establishing areas of expertise Skills/experience required include: Good organisation skills Excellent time management Ability to work in a busy, high pressured environment Good MS Office Skills (including Word, Excel and Outlook) Good oral and written communication skills Enthusiastic and positive approach Ideally experience working in an office environment You can expect a fun, friendly but professional working environment where your input will have a direct impact into the on going success of our business. If you are interested in applying for this role please email your CV ." 3 data/Sales\Job_00643.txt " Recruitment Consultant/Account Manager  Cheltenham" " 71745516" " DataSource Computer Employment" " Recruitment Consultant/Account Manager WANTED to join our growing team in Cheltenham Datasource is an IT Engineering Specialist Recruitment agency based on the Promenade in central Cheltenham. The ideal candidate will be organised and used to working in a very busy and exciting environment. You should have experience working in a customerfacing environment and will have an excellent telephone manner. The main duties and responsibilities will include: Searching on job boards Arranging interviews and offers for candidates Managing client accounts Identify, approach, and ultimately represent candidates for niche technical roles Manage our internal database and ensure notes/communication are up to date and accurately entered Assess candidates, establishing areas of expertise Skills/experience required include: Good organisation skills Excellent time management Ability to work in a busy, high pressured environment Good MS Office Skills (including Word, Excel and Outlook) Good oral and written communication skills Enthusiastic and positive approach Ideally experience working in an office environment You can expect a fun, friendly but professional working environment where your input will have a direct impact into the on going success of our business. If you are interested in applying for this role please email your CV ." "['consultant', 'account', 'wanted', 'growing', 'cheltenham', 'specialist', 'agency', 'central', 'cheltenham', 'ideal', 'organised', 'busy', 'exciting', 'environment', 'customerfacing', 'environment', 'telephone', 'manner', 'main', 'duties', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'searching', 'arranging', 'interviews', 'offers', 'candidates', 'managing', 'accounts', 'identify', 'approach', 'ultimately', 'represent', 'candidates', 'niche', 'technical', 'roles', 'manage', 'internal', 'database', 'notes', 'communication', 'date', 'accurately', 'entered', 'assess', 'candidates', 'establishing', 'areas', 'expertise', 'include', 'organisation', 'time', 'busy', 'pressured', 'environment', 'ms', 'office', 'word', 'excel', 'outlook', 'oral', 'written', 'communication', 'enthusiastic', 'positive', 'approach', 'ideally', 'office', 'environment', 'expect', 'fun', 'friendly', 'professional', 'environment', 'input', 'direct', 'impact', 'success', 'interested', 'applying', 'email', 'cv']" Sales
"Title: Mechanical / Electrical Fitter
Webindex: 72697363
Company: Resourcing Solutions Ltd
Description: Our Client is a leading manufacturer and distributor of equipment and machinery , produced using stainless steel, for the water and wastewater treatment industry. An opportunity has arisen for a Mechanical/Electrical Fitter to join an already existing team on their busy workshop floor, at their site based in Wiltshire. The successful Mechanical/Electrical Fitter will report directly to the Workshop Charge Hand and be an integral part of a small but successful team. Ideally you will have worked on a busy manufacturing shop floor or in a machine shop previously. You will have a bias towards the mechanical aspect of a fitter s role but bring with you either a strong working knowledge (or understanding of electrical work), or some form of an electrical qualification/training. My client offers an excellent benefits package which includes overtime and profit share bonuses. If you are interested in this opportunity and are able to demonstrate the previous experience of manufacturing, a bias towards mechanical work, and an understanding of electrical work, then to progress your application to the next stage, please call Matthew Winn on **** 320100 or send your CV to: mwinnresourcingsolutions.com" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00231.txt " Mechanical / Electrical Fitter" " 72697363" " Resourcing Solutions Ltd" " Our Client is a leading manufacturer and distributor of equipment and machinery , produced using stainless steel, for the water and wastewater treatment industry. An opportunity has arisen for a Mechanical/Electrical Fitter to join an already existing team on their busy workshop floor, at their site based in Wiltshire. The successful Mechanical/Electrical Fitter will report directly to the Workshop Charge Hand and be an integral part of a small but successful team. Ideally you will have worked on a busy manufacturing shop floor or in a machine shop previously. You will have a bias towards the mechanical aspect of a fitter s role but bring with you either a strong working knowledge (or understanding of electrical work), or some form of an electrical qualification/training. My client offers an excellent benefits package which includes overtime and profit share bonuses. If you are interested in this opportunity and are able to demonstrate the previous experience of manufacturing, a bias towards mechanical work, and an understanding of electrical work, then to progress your application to the next stage, please call Matthew Winn on **** 320100 or send your CV to: mwinnresourcingsolutions.com" "['manufacturer', 'distributor', 'equipment', 'machinery', 'produced', 'stainless', 'steel', 'water', 'wastewater', 'treatment', 'industry', 'arisen', 'mechanical', 'electrical', 'fitter', 'existing', 'busy', 'workshop', 'floor', 'site', 'wiltshire', 'mechanical', 'electrical', 'fitter', 'report', 'directly', 'workshop', 'charge', 'hand', 'integral', 'part', 'small', 'ideally', 'worked', 'busy', 'manufacturing', 'shop', 'floor', 'machine', 'shop', 'previously', 'bias', 'mechanical', 'aspect', 'fitter', 'bring', 'understanding', 'electrical', 'form', 'electrical', 'qualification', 'offers', 'benefits', 'package', 'includes', 'overtime', 'profit', 'share', 'bonuses', 'interested', 'demonstrate', 'previous', 'manufacturing', 'bias', 'mechanical', 'understanding', 'electrical', 'progress', 'application', 'stage', 'call', 'matthew', 'send', 'cv']" Engineering
"Title: Risk Assurance  Financial Services Controls Assurance Manager  North
Webindex: 72661895
Company: Watson Moore
Description: My highly regarded client is currently looking for a Manager to join their Risk Assurance team for the North to help develop and deliver high quality controls audits, compliance reviews and IT assurance services to a wide range of Financial Services clients. In joining them you will be part of a unique client proposition, assisting their clients understand and challenge the extent to which their systems, processes and people assist or inhibit their strategies to generate value. As a credible candidate you will have developed core skills in a wide range of disciplines including accounting/audit, application and support of information technology, risk evaluation and project governance. You will be expected to be capable of applying these core skills in a variety of business situations and industries and as a Manager you will be expected to be able to lead teams in scoping, delivering and quality assuring output. In addition to your technical skills, you will have proven capabilities in developing relationships, building trust in new contacts and demonstrating that such trust is justified by delivering into the longer term. This role will involve travel, primarily across the Northern region. Your main duties and responsibilities will be: • Managing a Financial Services client portfolio reporting to the Partner/ Director Group; • Leading engagement teams of up to **** staff; • Managing and building daytoday client relationships; • Managing staff and taking on coaching responsibilities; and • Contributing to development of new business relationships and business proposals" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00370.txt " Risk Assurance  Financial Services Controls Assurance Manager  North" " 72661895" " Watson Moore" " My highly regarded client is currently looking for a Manager to join their Risk Assurance team for the North to help develop and deliver high quality controls audits, compliance reviews and IT assurance services to a wide range of Financial Services clients. In joining them you will be part of a unique client proposition, assisting their clients understand and challenge the extent to which their systems, processes and people assist or inhibit their strategies to generate value. As a credible candidate you will have developed core skills in a wide range of disciplines including accounting/audit, application and support of information technology, risk evaluation and project governance. You will be expected to be capable of applying these core skills in a variety of business situations and industries and as a Manager you will be expected to be able to lead teams in scoping, delivering and quality assuring output. In addition to your technical skills, you will have proven capabilities in developing relationships, building trust in new contacts and demonstrating that such trust is justified by delivering into the longer term. This role will involve travel, primarily across the Northern region. Your main duties and responsibilities will be: • Managing a Financial Services client portfolio reporting to the Partner/ Director Group; • Leading engagement teams of up to **** staff; • Managing and building daytoday client relationships; • Managing staff and taking on coaching responsibilities; and • Contributing to development of new business relationships and business proposals" "['highly', 'regarded', 'risk', 'assurance', 'north', 'develop', 'deliver', 'quality', 'controls', 'audits', 'compliance', 'reviews', 'assurance', 'wide', 'range', 'joining', 'part', 'unique', 'proposition', 'assisting', 'understand', 'challenge', 'processes', 'people', 'assist', 'strategies', 'generate', 'credible', 'developed', 'core', 'wide', 'range', 'disciplines', 'accounting', 'audit', 'application', 'information', 'technology', 'risk', 'evaluation', 'project', 'governance', 'expected', 'capable', 'applying', 'core', 'variety', 'situations', 'industries', 'expected', 'lead', 'teams', 'scoping', 'delivering', 'quality', 'output', 'addition', 'technical', 'proven', 'capabilities', 'developing', 'relationships', 'building', 'trust', 'contacts', 'demonstrating', 'trust', 'delivering', 'longer', 'term', 'involve', 'travel', 'primarily', 'northern', 'region', 'main', 'duties', 'responsibilities', 'managing', 'portfolio', 'reporting', 'partner', 'director', 'group', 'engagement', 'teams', 'managing', 'building', 'daytoday', 'relationships', 'managing', 'taking', 'coaching', 'responsibilities', 'contributing', 'relationships', 'proposals']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: JUNIOR, INTERMEDIATE AND SENIOR ELECTRICAL DESIGN ENGINEERS
Webindex: 69689923
Company: Blueprint Recruitment
Description: JUNIOR, INTERMEDIATE AND SENIOR ELECTRICAL DESIGN ENGINEERS LOCATION: Winchester SALARY AND BENEFITS: ****  **** depending on level and experience Ref: **** Company Information: Rapidly expanding M&E company. You must have the following: • Strong Building Services background • Sound technical knowledge • Excellent time management skills and the ability to meet tight deadlines • Drive and determination • Excellent communication skills • Keen to progress within the company Ideally you will have the following: • Degree qualified or equivalent in relevant subject • Experience working on Education projects Role information: • Handson design • Working on a number of Education based projects Recruiter information: Blueprint Recruitment Solutions is an independent recruitment company specialising in placing skilled professionals within the Construction, Technical and Engineering sectors. Location: Winchester, Southampton, Gosport, Basingstoke, Fareham, Portsmouth. Salary and Bonus/OTE: ****  **** depending on level and experience Sector for the ad: Engineering" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00022.txt " JUNIOR, INTERMEDIATE AND SENIOR ELECTRICAL DESIGN ENGINEERS" " 69689923" " Blueprint Recruitment" " JUNIOR, INTERMEDIATE AND SENIOR ELECTRICAL DESIGN ENGINEERS LOCATION: Winchester SALARY AND BENEFITS: ****  **** depending on level and experience Ref: **** Company Information: Rapidly expanding M&E company. You must have the following: • Strong Building Services background • Sound technical knowledge • Excellent time management skills and the ability to meet tight deadlines • Drive and determination • Excellent communication skills • Keen to progress within the company Ideally you will have the following: • Degree qualified or equivalent in relevant subject • Experience working on Education projects Role information: • Handson design • Working on a number of Education based projects Recruiter information: Blueprint Recruitment Solutions is an independent recruitment company specialising in placing skilled professionals within the Construction, Technical and Engineering sectors. Location: Winchester, Southampton, Gosport, Basingstoke, Fareham, Portsmouth. Salary and Bonus/OTE: ****  **** depending on level and experience Sector for the ad: Engineering" "['junior', 'intermediate', 'senior', 'electrical', 'engineers', 'location', 'winchester', 'benefits', 'depending', 'level', 'ref', 'information', 'rapidly', 'expanding', 'building', 'background', 'sound', 'technical', 'time', 'meet', 'tight', 'deadlines', 'drive', 'determination', 'communication', 'keen', 'progress', 'ideally', 'degree', 'qualified', 'equivalent', 'relevant', 'subject', 'education', 'projects', 'information', 'handson', 'number', 'education', 'projects', 'recruiter', 'information', 'solutions', 'independent', 'specialising', 'placing', 'skilled', 'professionals', 'construction', 'technical', 'sectors', 'location', 'winchester', 'southampton', 'basingstoke', 'fareham', 'portsmouth', 'bonus', 'ote', 'depending', 'level', 'sector', 'ad']" Engineering
"Title: Sales Engineer Measuring and Metrology products
Webindex: 70520065
Company: Midas Selection Limited
Description: Sales Engineer Measuring and Metrology products Salary: up to ****k basic and uncapped commission structure (Very achievable) Location: West Sussex Client A leading manufacturer of Measuring, Metrology Systems and Products has an urgent requirement for a Sales Engineer within the West Sussex area. The enthusiastic and dedicated staffs have been very instrumental in making sure the company is a great success and they are currently enjoying very healthy order books. Their employees are committed to providing solutions to customer s challenges and their team ethics ensures that this is achieved. Role Their requirement is for a Sales Engineer with a strong applications bias based in the South East. The role involves covering the South of the UK and will involve extensive software based product demonstrations and presentations, predominately to the Engineering and Manufacturing industry. Their customer base can cover any industry sector: Automotive, Aerospace, Medical etc. You will need to work from the office to follow up on customer demonstrations so you are able to develop solutions Candidate Ideally candidates will have a proven sales record within the Engineering Industry (Preferably Metrology or measuring equipment. However, my client will also consider candidates who have come from an engineering support role who are looking to move into a sales role. The successful applicant will be selfmotivated, have the ability to communicate at all levels, effectively demonstrate software based systems and be PC literate, CAD / CAM experience would be an advantage. Full product training on their well known systems and software will be supplied with the necessary sales tools. An attractive salary and achievable commission structure , Ford Galaxy company car and benefits is available for the right applicant." 3 data/Sales\Job_00655.txt " Sales Engineer Measuring and Metrology products" " 70520065" " Midas Selection Limited" " Sales Engineer Measuring and Metrology products Salary: up to ****k basic and uncapped commission structure (Very achievable) Location: West Sussex Client A leading manufacturer of Measuring, Metrology Systems and Products has an urgent requirement for a Sales Engineer within the West Sussex area. The enthusiastic and dedicated staffs have been very instrumental in making sure the company is a great success and they are currently enjoying very healthy order books. Their employees are committed to providing solutions to customer s challenges and their team ethics ensures that this is achieved. Role Their requirement is for a Sales Engineer with a strong applications bias based in the South East. The role involves covering the South of the UK and will involve extensive software based product demonstrations and presentations, predominately to the Engineering and Manufacturing industry. Their customer base can cover any industry sector: Automotive, Aerospace, Medical etc. You will need to work from the office to follow up on customer demonstrations so you are able to develop solutions Candidate Ideally candidates will have a proven sales record within the Engineering Industry (Preferably Metrology or measuring equipment. However, my client will also consider candidates who have come from an engineering support role who are looking to move into a sales role. The successful applicant will be selfmotivated, have the ability to communicate at all levels, effectively demonstrate software based systems and be PC literate, CAD / CAM experience would be an advantage. Full product training on their well known systems and software will be supplied with the necessary sales tools. An attractive salary and achievable commission structure , Ford Galaxy company car and benefits is available for the right applicant." "['measuring', 'metrology', 'products', 'basic', 'uncapped', 'commission', 'structure', 'achievable', 'location', 'west', 'sussex', 'manufacturer', 'measuring', 'metrology', 'products', 'urgent', 'requirement', 'west', 'sussex', 'area', 'enthusiastic', 'dedicated', 'instrumental', 'making', 'great', 'success', 'enjoying', 'healthy', 'order', 'books', 'employees', 'committed', 'providing', 'solutions', 'challenges', 'ethics', 'ensures', 'achieved', 'requirement', 'applications', 'bias', 'south', 'east', 'involves', 'covering', 'south', 'involve', 'extensive', 'software', 'product', 'demonstrations', 'presentations', 'predominately', 'manufacturing', 'industry', 'base', 'cover', 'industry', 'sector', 'automotive', 'aerospace', 'medical', 'office', 'follow', 'demonstrations', 'develop', 'solutions', 'ideally', 'candidates', 'proven', 'record', 'industry', 'preferably', 'metrology', 'measuring', 'equipment', 'candidates', 'move', 'applicant', 'selfmotivated', 'communicate', 'levels', 'effectively', 'demonstrate', 'software', 'pc', 'literate', 'cad', 'cam', 'advantage', 'product', 'software', 'supplied', 'tools', 'attractive', 'achievable', 'commission', 'structure', 'ford', 'galaxy', 'car', 'benefits', 'applicant']" Sales
"Title: Liverpool Sales Assistant
Webindex: 68688500
Company: Liverpool Marketing Solutions
Description: Liverpool Sales Assistant Our client is seeking a Sales Assistant to be based in the Liverpool and Merseyside area. New customer acquisitions focusing on new customer sales Brand management and retention Meeting daily sales targets Completing sales reports and submitting it to Manager daily This Sales Assistant opening will suit someone with: Detailed and organisation skills Communication skills, both orally and in writing Planning and administration skills Previous experience in sales would be an advantage although thorough training is provided. Personality and crave to exceed target is key If this sounds like you, please apply on line. By request of our clients, all applicants must be over the age of **** and eligible to work in the UK. Immediate starts are welcome, send us your CV and selected applicants will be contacted within **** hours to arrange an appointment. Average earning of up to **** per week, but that is average (based on completed individual sales only). We provide you with ongoing product training will empower you to develop your earning potential, that's what we do here, we make you money This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LiverpoolSalesAssistant_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00652.txt " Liverpool Sales Assistant" " 68688500" " Liverpool Marketing Solutions" " Liverpool Sales Assistant Our client is seeking a Sales Assistant to be based in the Liverpool and Merseyside area. New customer acquisitions focusing on new customer sales Brand management and retention Meeting daily sales targets Completing sales reports and submitting it to Manager daily This Sales Assistant opening will suit someone with: Detailed and organisation skills Communication skills, both orally and in writing Planning and administration skills Previous experience in sales would be an advantage although thorough training is provided. Personality and crave to exceed target is key If this sounds like you, please apply on line. By request of our clients, all applicants must be over the age of **** and eligible to work in the UK. Immediate starts are welcome, send us your CV and selected applicants will be contacted within **** hours to arrange an appointment. Average earning of up to **** per week, but that is average (based on completed individual sales only). We provide you with ongoing product training will empower you to develop your earning potential, that's what we do here, we make you money This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LiverpoolSalesAssistant_job****" "['liverpool', 'assistant', 'seeking', 'assistant', 'liverpool', 'area', 'acquisitions', 'focusing', 'brand', 'retention', 'meeting', 'daily', 'targets', 'completing', 'reports', 'submitting', 'daily', 'assistant', 'opening', 'suit', 'detailed', 'organisation', 'communication', 'writing', 'planning', 'administration', 'previous', 'advantage', 'provided', 'personality', 'exceed', 'target', 'key', 'sounds', 'line', 'request', 'applicants', 'age', 'eligible', 'starts', 'send', 'cv', 'selected', 'applicants', 'contacted', 'hours', 'arrange', 'appointment', 'average', 'earning', 'week', 'average', 'completed', 'individual', 'ongoing', 'product', 'empower', 'develop', 'earning', 'potential', 'make', 'money', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Norwegian Speakers needed Urgently
Webindex: 71633491
Company: mgi recruitment
Description: We are Looking for Norwegian speaker with IT skills, good interpersonal skills, energetic, customer oriented. Our client is Global Service operating in Copenhagen. If you've been thinking of working in Denmark than this is your ideal opportunity. If this sounds good to you just go ahead and send your CV Now  kayesa(at)mgirecruitment.com The Role:  Meet and exceed monthly new business sales targets  Call on leads provided, followup and close  Own lead generation, nurturing, followup and close  Evangelize and articulate Client and its products to new potential clients, securing longterm, successful customer relationships  Proactive daily account management in our CRM (Salesforce.com) Requirements:  Strong knowledge of resultoriented B2B telemarketing/telesales process – proven track record required  Adept at qualifying leads, reaching the right contact, prioritizing the pipeline and deal closing  Expand relationship with existing accounts and uncover/maximize growth opportunities and additional means to ensure that customers get the most value out of Client  Good understanding of the decision making structure in midsize and larger companies  Solid comprehension of ecommerce, online marketing and social media  Another fluent language is a plus that you should tell us about  Must have work permission for DK or EU  Ability to take full responsibility for structuring and prioritizing your time well  Ability to thrive in a performance oriented international environment with short sales cycles Apply for this job: If this looks good to you just go ahead and Send your CV Now: Email: kayesa(at)mgirecruitment.com  **** ****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00673.txt " Norwegian Speakers needed Urgently" " 71633491" " mgi recruitment" " We are Looking for Norwegian speaker with IT skills, good interpersonal skills, energetic, customer oriented. Our client is Global Service operating in Copenhagen. If you've been thinking of working in Denmark than this is your ideal opportunity. If this sounds good to you just go ahead and send your CV Now  kayesa(at)mgirecruitment.com The Role:  Meet and exceed monthly new business sales targets  Call on leads provided, followup and close  Own lead generation, nurturing, followup and close  Evangelize and articulate Client and its products to new potential clients, securing longterm, successful customer relationships  Proactive daily account management in our CRM (Salesforce.com) Requirements:  Strong knowledge of resultoriented B2B telemarketing/telesales process – proven track record required  Adept at qualifying leads, reaching the right contact, prioritizing the pipeline and deal closing  Expand relationship with existing accounts and uncover/maximize growth opportunities and additional means to ensure that customers get the most value out of Client  Good understanding of the decision making structure in midsize and larger companies  Solid comprehension of ecommerce, online marketing and social media  Another fluent language is a plus that you should tell us about  Must have work permission for DK or EU  Ability to take full responsibility for structuring and prioritizing your time well  Ability to thrive in a performance oriented international environment with short sales cycles Apply for this job: If this looks good to you just go ahead and Send your CV Now: Email: kayesa(at)mgirecruitment.com  **** ****" "['norwegian', 'speaker', 'interpersonal', 'energetic', 'oriented', 'global', 'operating', 'thinking', 'ideal', 'sounds', 'ahead', 'send', 'cv', 'kayesa', 'mgirecruitment', 'meet', 'exceed', 'monthly', 'targets', 'call', 'leads', 'provided', 'followup', 'close', 'lead', 'generation', 'nurturing', 'followup', 'close', 'articulate', 'products', 'potential', 'securing', 'longterm', 'relationships', 'proactive', 'daily', 'account', 'crm', 'salesforce', 'requirements', 'telemarketing', 'telesales', 'process', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'adept', 'qualifying', 'leads', 'contact', 'prioritizing', 'pipeline', 'deal', 'closing', 'expand', 'relationship', 'existing', 'accounts', 'maximize', 'growth', 'opportunities', 'additional', 'means', 'customers', 'understanding', 'decision', 'making', 'structure', 'larger', 'companies', 'solid', 'comprehension', 'ecommerce', 'online', 'marketing', 'social', 'media', 'fluent', 'language', 'permission', 'eu', 'responsibility', 'structuring', 'prioritizing', 'time', 'thrive', 'performance', 'oriented', 'international', 'environment', 'short', 'cycles', 'ahead', 'send', 'cv', 'email', 'kayesa', 'mgirecruitment']" Sales
"Title: Business Development Representative
Webindex: 70597736
Description: As a Business Development Representative you will work to sell my client's full range of Food Service Solutions to organisations with professional kitchens  from caterers, restaurants, hotels and pubs, to fast food chains, cafes, schools and universities. As a Business Development Representative your responsibilities will include:  Achieving sales targets by using a combination of facetoface selling, customer relationship management and ingredient demonstrations  Meeting new and established customers needs and thus growing our business  Partnering with people fromthe Distributive, Marketing and Operator Chain Account Management Teams to identify trade and customer activity that could affect the business  Taking responsibility for implementing any tailored activity.The Business Development Representative will need to possess the following skills: Good communication,interpersonal and negotiationskills.  Good business knowledge. Tact and diplomacy.  Creativity.  A good grasp of numbers and the ability to write documents in a professional style.  Organisational skills.  A hunger to stay up to date with economic matters.  The ability to stay calm under pressure and meet tight deadlines.  The ability to keep objectives and goals firmly in sight.  The ability to remain flexible and seek alternative options to problems.  Problem solving skills.The right candidatemust live onpatch in Central London.My clients is a world renown leader in consumer goods with trusted brands worldwide.****  ****  Bonus  Car  LaptopYour application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised & regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview.Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents.Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy." 3 data/Sales\Job_00712.txt " Business Development Representative" " 70597736"  " As a Business Development Representative you will work to sell my client's full range of Food Service Solutions to organisations with professional kitchens  from caterers, restaurants, hotels and pubs, to fast food chains, cafes, schools and universities. As a Business Development Representative your responsibilities will include:  Achieving sales targets by using a combination of facetoface selling, customer relationship management and ingredient demonstrations  Meeting new and established customers needs and thus growing our business  Partnering with people fromthe Distributive, Marketing and Operator Chain Account Management Teams to identify trade and customer activity that could affect the business  Taking responsibility for implementing any tailored activity.The Business Development Representative will need to possess the following skills: Good communication,interpersonal and negotiationskills.  Good business knowledge. Tact and diplomacy.  Creativity.  A good grasp of numbers and the ability to write documents in a professional style.  Organisational skills.  A hunger to stay up to date with economic matters.  The ability to stay calm under pressure and meet tight deadlines.  The ability to keep objectives and goals firmly in sight.  The ability to remain flexible and seek alternative options to problems.  Problem solving skills.The right candidatemust live onpatch in Central London.My clients is a world renown leader in consumer goods with trusted brands worldwide.****  ****  Bonus  Car  LaptopYour application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised & regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview.Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents.Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy." "['representative', 'sell', ""client's"", 'range', 'food', 'solutions', 'organisations', 'professional', 'restaurants', 'hotels', 'fast', 'food', 'chains', 'schools', 'universities', 'representative', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'achieving', 'targets', 'combination', 'facetoface', 'selling', 'relationship', 'demonstrations', 'meeting', 'established', 'customers', 'growing', 'partnering', 'people', 'marketing', 'operator', 'chain', 'account', 'teams', 'identify', 'trade', 'activity', 'affect', 'taking', 'responsibility', 'implementing', 'tailored', 'activity', 'representative', 'possess', 'communication', 'interpersonal', 'tact', 'diplomacy', 'creativity', 'grasp', 'numbers', 'write', 'documents', 'professional', 'style', 'organisational', 'hunger', 'stay', 'date', 'economic', 'matters', 'stay', 'calm', 'pressure', 'meet', 'tight', 'deadlines', 'objectives', 'goals', 'firmly', 'sight', 'remain', 'flexible', 'seek', 'alternative', 'options', 'problems', 'problem', 'solving', 'live', 'central', 'london', 'world', 'leader', 'consumer', 'goods', 'trusted', 'brands', 'worldwide', 'bonus', 'car', 'application', 'reviewed', 'michael', 'page', 'aware', 'receive', 'volume', 'applications', 'advertised', 'regularly', 'receive', 'applications', 'candidates', 'exceed', 'credentials', 'contact', 'days', 'selected', 'interview', 'specific', 'qualifications', 'account', 'overseas', 'equivalents', 'michael', 'page', 'world', 'consultancy']" Sales
"Title: Senior Structural Engineer
Webindex: 72405497
Company: Energi Recruitment Services Ltd
Description: Senior Structural Engineer Contract Immediate Start **** p/h Ltd A medium sized firm of consulting engineers in South East London are currently looking to recruit a Senior Structural Engineer on a 36 month contract basis. Duties will include:  Attending client meetings  Designing in steel, timber, concrete and masonry  Working to British / Eurocodes  Guiding more junior members of staff and technicians Projects will include residential, commercial, retail and healthcare buildings projects. Immediate start. Rates of **** p/h Ltd depending on experience can be expected. Please send all applications to Nick Rothery" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00044.txt " Senior Structural Engineer" " 72405497" " Energi Recruitment Services Ltd" " Senior Structural Engineer Contract Immediate Start **** p/h Ltd A medium sized firm of consulting engineers in South East London are currently looking to recruit a Senior Structural Engineer on a 36 month contract basis. Duties will include:  Attending client meetings  Designing in steel, timber, concrete and masonry  Working to British / Eurocodes  Guiding more junior members of staff and technicians Projects will include residential, commercial, retail and healthcare buildings projects. Immediate start. Rates of **** p/h Ltd depending on experience can be expected. Please send all applications to Nick Rothery" "['senior', 'structural', 'contract', 'start', 'medium', 'sized', 'firm', 'consulting', 'engineers', 'south', 'east', 'london', 'recruit', 'senior', 'structural', 'month', 'contract', 'basis', 'duties', 'include', 'attending', 'meetings', 'designing', 'steel', 'british', 'junior', 'members', 'technicians', 'projects', 'include', 'residential', 'commercial', 'retail', 'healthcare', 'buildings', 'projects', 'start', 'rates', 'depending', 'expected', 'send', 'applications']" Engineering
"Title: Company / Office Accountant
Webindex: 68237569
Company: VOIP Unlimited
Description: Key skills: An excellent opportunity has arisen for an experienced Company/Office Accountant to work for a highly reputable Technology company based in Poole. Description: The Company An excellent opportunity has arisen for an experienced Company/Office Accountant to work for a highly reputable Technology company based in Poole. This is a hands on commercial role in which the successful applicant will support the overall company and financial performance and decision making and will work alongside the Managing Director. The Role Assist the Managing Director with financial planning and reporting including cash flow management, profit margins, budget planning. Manage all company financial transactions, sales and purchasing ledgers, credit control, debtor finance, bank activity and cash flow Prepare P L accounts Prepare and submit VAT returns Prepare client contracts Monitor operating budgets, control and analyze costs Process company payroll ensuring compliance with PAYE, NIC, SSP and other requirements Any other duties as required The Person Experience in bookkeeping within a manufacturing environment is desirable Experience in processing of payroll and VAT returns Experience of Sageline **** Good Interpersonal and communication skills Strong IT skills The Rewards Excellent opportunity for career progression and salary increase. Performance Related Opportunity to develop and streamline processes and procedures." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00299.txt " Company / Office Accountant" " 68237569" " VOIP Unlimited" " Key skills: An excellent opportunity has arisen for an experienced Company/Office Accountant to work for a highly reputable Technology company based in Poole. Description: The Company An excellent opportunity has arisen for an experienced Company/Office Accountant to work for a highly reputable Technology company based in Poole. This is a hands on commercial role in which the successful applicant will support the overall company and financial performance and decision making and will work alongside the Managing Director. The Role Assist the Managing Director with financial planning and reporting including cash flow management, profit margins, budget planning. Manage all company financial transactions, sales and purchasing ledgers, credit control, debtor finance, bank activity and cash flow Prepare P L accounts Prepare and submit VAT returns Prepare client contracts Monitor operating budgets, control and analyze costs Process company payroll ensuring compliance with PAYE, NIC, SSP and other requirements Any other duties as required The Person Experience in bookkeeping within a manufacturing environment is desirable Experience in processing of payroll and VAT returns Experience of Sageline **** Good Interpersonal and communication skills Strong IT skills The Rewards Excellent opportunity for career progression and salary increase. Performance Related Opportunity to develop and streamline processes and procedures." "['key', 'arisen', 'experienced', 'office', 'accountant', 'highly', 'reputable', 'technology', 'poole', 'description', 'arisen', 'experienced', 'office', 'accountant', 'highly', 'reputable', 'technology', 'poole', 'hands', 'commercial', 'applicant', 'performance', 'decision', 'making', 'alongside', 'managing', 'director', 'assist', 'managing', 'director', 'planning', 'reporting', 'cash', 'flow', 'profit', 'margins', 'budget', 'planning', 'manage', 'transactions', 'purchasing', 'ledgers', 'credit', 'control', 'debtor', 'finance', 'bank', 'activity', 'cash', 'flow', 'prepare', 'accounts', 'prepare', 'submit', 'vat', 'returns', 'prepare', 'contracts', 'monitor', 'operating', 'budgets', 'control', 'costs', 'process', 'payroll', 'ensuring', 'compliance', 'paye', 'nic', 'ssp', 'requirements', 'duties', 'person', 'bookkeeping', 'manufacturing', 'environment', 'desirable', 'processing', 'payroll', 'vat', 'returns', 'sageline', 'interpersonal', 'communication', 'rewards', 'career', 'progression', 'increase', 'performance', 'related', 'develop', 'processes', 'procedures']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Bookkeeper
Webindex: 72384220
Company: London4Jobs
Description: A fantastic opportunity is now available for a Bookkeeper to join a thriving and innovative property group. Due to continued success and growth, they now looking for a Book Keeper to join the team. Duties will include: ? Reconciliation of bank debtors and suppliers ? Credit control ? CIS and VAT returns ? Processing payroll and working papers for audit. The ideal candidate must have ACA, ACCA or AAT, and be part qualified. Experience in property management or development would be an advantage. They are looking for a dedicated individual that can think on their feet and wants to grow with the company. Immediate start available." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00256.txt " Bookkeeper" " 72384220" " London4Jobs" " A fantastic opportunity is now available for a Bookkeeper to join a thriving and innovative property group. Due to continued success and growth, they now looking for a Book Keeper to join the team. Duties will include: ? Reconciliation of bank debtors and suppliers ? Credit control ? CIS and VAT returns ? Processing payroll and working papers for audit. The ideal candidate must have ACA, ACCA or AAT, and be part qualified. Experience in property management or development would be an advantage. They are looking for a dedicated individual that can think on their feet and wants to grow with the company. Immediate start available." "['fantastic', 'bookkeeper', 'thriving', 'innovative', 'property', 'group', 'due', 'continued', 'success', 'growth', 'book', 'keeper', 'duties', 'include', 'reconciliation', 'bank', 'debtors', 'suppliers', 'credit', 'control', 'cis', 'vat', 'returns', 'processing', 'payroll', 'papers', 'audit', 'ideal', 'aca', 'acca', 'aat', 'part', 'qualified', 'property', 'advantage', 'dedicated', 'individual', 'feet', 'grow', 'start']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Maintenance Electrician
Webindex: 69747537
Company: Brookstreet UK
Description: My client is looking for an experienced Maintenance ce Electrician to join our team of skilled M&E technicians in providing maintenance services to our customers Portsmouth & the south of England The successful applicant must have experience of installation, service and repair of industrial production machinery, equipment, plant and services. Looking for someone from a production and industrial environment the applicant must be happy to be on the road and like variety within there day to day work life. Security clearance will be needed to be complete for the successful applicant. Overtime available Induction Training given. Company van. 28 days holidays, new pension scheme" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00191.txt " Maintenance Electrician" " 69747537" " Brookstreet UK" " My client is looking for an experienced Maintenance ce Electrician to join our team of skilled M&E technicians in providing maintenance services to our customers Portsmouth & the south of England The successful applicant must have experience of installation, service and repair of industrial production machinery, equipment, plant and services. Looking for someone from a production and industrial environment the applicant must be happy to be on the road and like variety within there day to day work life. Security clearance will be needed to be complete for the successful applicant. Overtime available Induction Training given. Company van. 28 days holidays, new pension scheme" "['experienced', 'maintenance', 'electrician', 'skilled', 'technicians', 'providing', 'maintenance', 'customers', 'portsmouth', 'south', 'england', 'applicant', 'installation', 'repair', 'industrial', 'production', 'machinery', 'equipment', 'plant', 'production', 'industrial', 'environment', 'applicant', 'happy', 'road', 'variety', 'day', 'day', 'life', 'security', 'clearance', 'needed', 'complete', 'applicant', 'overtime', 'induction', 'van', 'days', 'holidays', 'pension', 'scheme']" Engineering
"Title: Oman  Technical Sales  Global company
Webindex: 72442494
Company: NonStop Recruitment Ltd
Description: Are you looking for an exciting opportunity to make that move abroad that you have always been thinking about? This position is for an experienced Technical Sales person to work for a global company and is based in the diverse and beautiful location of Oman. This is a rare and exciting opportunity to join the team of a globally recognised company in a Sales Engineer role. It is based in Oman, a lovely country in the Middle East giving you a fantastic opportunity to experience a new culture and working environment. This role will see you building relationships with existing, as well as building new customers providing products and services within the Power industry, it gives you the opportunity to travel around the area and be involved in face to face deals. My clients are seeking an experienced Sales Engineer with experience in either Mechanical or Electrical industries. You must have good English written and spoken skills as well as experience within Technical Sales. Experience dealing with Generators would also be advantageous but candidates without will also be considered. This is a fantastic opportunity for you to work with a reputable company and taking that exciting step to working and living abroad so apply today This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/OmanTechnicalSalesGlobalcompany_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00026.txt " Oman  Technical Sales  Global company" " 72442494" " NonStop Recruitment Ltd" " Are you looking for an exciting opportunity to make that move abroad that you have always been thinking about? This position is for an experienced Technical Sales person to work for a global company and is based in the diverse and beautiful location of Oman. This is a rare and exciting opportunity to join the team of a globally recognised company in a Sales Engineer role. It is based in Oman, a lovely country in the Middle East giving you a fantastic opportunity to experience a new culture and working environment. This role will see you building relationships with existing, as well as building new customers providing products and services within the Power industry, it gives you the opportunity to travel around the area and be involved in face to face deals. My clients are seeking an experienced Sales Engineer with experience in either Mechanical or Electrical industries. You must have good English written and spoken skills as well as experience within Technical Sales. Experience dealing with Generators would also be advantageous but candidates without will also be considered. This is a fantastic opportunity for you to work with a reputable company and taking that exciting step to working and living abroad so apply today This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/OmanTechnicalSalesGlobalcompany_job****" "['exciting', 'make', 'move', 'abroad', 'thinking', 'experienced', 'technical', 'person', 'global', 'diverse', 'beautiful', 'location', 'oman', 'rare', 'exciting', 'globally', 'recognised', 'oman', 'lovely', 'country', 'middle', 'east', 'giving', 'fantastic', 'culture', 'environment', 'building', 'relationships', 'existing', 'building', 'customers', 'providing', 'products', 'power', 'industry', 'travel', 'area', 'involved', 'face', 'face', 'deals', 'seeking', 'experienced', 'mechanical', 'electrical', 'industries', 'english', 'written', 'spoken', 'technical', 'dealing', 'generators', 'advantageous', 'candidates', 'considered', 'fantastic', 'reputable', 'taking', 'exciting', 'step', 'living', 'abroad', 'today', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Paraplanner ndash; Fareham ndash; Circa pound;****  Benefits
Webindex: 69024685
Description: Paraplanner  Fareham  Circa ****  Benefits Our Client is a successful Insurance Broker and Financial Planning Practice; they're currently in search for a Paraplanner to join their office in Fareham due to expansion Role purpose To analyse Client portfolios and produces technical reports for Consultants and Directors. As financial advice is regulated by the FSA, this role has limited signing authority. Key Responsibilities Create and maintain Client files both electronically and in paper form Draft reports and letters to Clients on specific Client planning issues Draft and coordinate technical reports and research for Client presentation and Client reviews Oversee changes/restructures of Clients' financial planning requirements Assist in checking valuations Support Consultants for general Client work (mostly investigative) Handle and resolve the day to day queries both relating to new and existing business, liaising between colleagues, product providers and Clients Accompany Consultants to Client meetings, take notes and produce minutes Assist Consultants and Directors to manage portfolio so client goals are met in accordance with specified objectives and constraints Conduct review according to valuation schedule for all assigned Clients Provide Consultants with proactive recommendations based on knowledge of Clients Prepare and manage training and development plans for any direct reports Undertake technical training sufficient to become a regulated individual. Technical knowledge and professional qualifications Key Skills Analytical and numerical ability  able to analyse and interpret data, evaluate data and make recommendations based on data and market trends Windows computer packages including Advisor Office (1st Software), Hindsight, Exchange, and Microsoft Word, PowerPoint and Excel. Knowledge Full understanding of the administrative procedures relating to the different categories of business and ensure they conform to regulatory & Firm standards All practices and disciplines including Investments, Corporate Pensions and Financial Planning Available products and services in all relevant areas of personal financial planning Anti Money Laundering, including how to identify suspicious transactions/activities and how to report Current and future financial legislation and regulation and their developments. Qualifications Full FPC (Financial Planning Certificate) or equivalent industry qualification Studying towards Level 4 Diploma in Financial Planning or AFPC (Advanced Financial Planning Certificate). For more information about the role please contact Estee Venter on (Apply online only) or alternatively email Please visit (url removed) for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00361.txt " Paraplanner ndash; Fareham ndash; Circa pound;****  Benefits" " 69024685"  " Paraplanner  Fareham  Circa ****  Benefits Our Client is a successful Insurance Broker and Financial Planning Practice; they're currently in search for a Paraplanner to join their office in Fareham due to expansion Role purpose To analyse Client portfolios and produces technical reports for Consultants and Directors. As financial advice is regulated by the FSA, this role has limited signing authority. Key Responsibilities Create and maintain Client files both electronically and in paper form Draft reports and letters to Clients on specific Client planning issues Draft and coordinate technical reports and research for Client presentation and Client reviews Oversee changes/restructures of Clients' financial planning requirements Assist in checking valuations Support Consultants for general Client work (mostly investigative) Handle and resolve the day to day queries both relating to new and existing business, liaising between colleagues, product providers and Clients Accompany Consultants to Client meetings, take notes and produce minutes Assist Consultants and Directors to manage portfolio so client goals are met in accordance with specified objectives and constraints Conduct review according to valuation schedule for all assigned Clients Provide Consultants with proactive recommendations based on knowledge of Clients Prepare and manage training and development plans for any direct reports Undertake technical training sufficient to become a regulated individual. Technical knowledge and professional qualifications Key Skills Analytical and numerical ability  able to analyse and interpret data, evaluate data and make recommendations based on data and market trends Windows computer packages including Advisor Office (1st Software), Hindsight, Exchange, and Microsoft Word, PowerPoint and Excel. Knowledge Full understanding of the administrative procedures relating to the different categories of business and ensure they conform to regulatory & Firm standards All practices and disciplines including Investments, Corporate Pensions and Financial Planning Available products and services in all relevant areas of personal financial planning Anti Money Laundering, including how to identify suspicious transactions/activities and how to report Current and future financial legislation and regulation and their developments. Qualifications Full FPC (Financial Planning Certificate) or equivalent industry qualification Studying towards Level 4 Diploma in Financial Planning or AFPC (Advanced Financial Planning Certificate). For more information about the role please contact Estee Venter on (Apply online only) or alternatively email Please visit (url removed) for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful" "['paraplanner', 'fareham', 'circa', 'benefits', 'insurance', 'broker', 'planning', 'practice', 'search', 'paraplanner', 'office', 'fareham', 'due', 'expansion', 'purpose', 'analyse', 'portfolios', 'produces', 'technical', 'reports', 'consultants', 'directors', 'advice', 'regulated', 'fsa', 'limited', 'signing', 'authority', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'create', 'maintain', 'files', 'paper', 'form', 'draft', 'reports', 'letters', 'specific', 'planning', 'issues', 'draft', 'coordinate', 'technical', 'reports', 'research', 'presentation', 'reviews', 'oversee', 'planning', 'requirements', 'assist', 'checking', 'valuations', 'consultants', 'general', 'handle', 'resolve', 'day', 'day', 'queries', 'relating', 'existing', 'liaising', 'colleagues', 'product', 'providers', 'consultants', 'meetings', 'notes', 'produce', 'minutes', 'assist', 'consultants', 'directors', 'manage', 'portfolio', 'goals', 'met', 'accordance', 'objectives', 'constraints', 'conduct', 'review', 'valuation', 'schedule', 'assigned', 'consultants', 'proactive', 'recommendations', 'prepare', 'manage', 'plans', 'direct', 'reports', 'undertake', 'technical', 'sufficient', 'regulated', 'individual', 'technical', 'professional', 'qualifications', 'key', 'analytical', 'numerical', 'analyse', 'interpret', 'data', 'evaluate', 'data', 'make', 'recommendations', 'data', 'market', 'trends', 'windows', 'computer', 'packages', 'advisor', 'office', 'st', 'software', 'exchange', 'microsoft', 'word', 'powerpoint', 'excel', 'understanding', 'administrative', 'procedures', 'relating', 'categories', 'regulatory', 'firm', 'standards', 'practices', 'disciplines', 'investments', 'corporate', 'pensions', 'planning', 'products', 'relevant', 'areas', 'personal', 'planning', 'money', 'laundering', 'identify', 'transactions', 'activities', 'report', 'current', 'future', 'legislation', 'regulation', 'developments', 'qualifications', 'fpc', 'planning', 'certificate', 'equivalent', 'industry', 'qualification', 'studying', 'level', 'diploma', 'planning', 'advanced', 'planning', 'certificate', 'information', 'contact', 'online', 'alternatively', 'email', 'visit', 'url', 'removed', 'opportunities', 'foot', 'note', 'application', 'contact', 'discuss', 'detail', 'hours', 'receiving', 'application', 'application', 'unsuccessful', 'information', 'supplied', 'retained', 'connection', 'future', 'vacancies', 'due', 'overwhelming', 'application', 'response', 'receive', 'sources', 'hear', 'week', 'assume', 'application', 'unsuccessful']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Security Officer Higher Level
Webindex: 70076682
Company: Carillion plc
Description: Company Overview Carillion is one of the UK s leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over pound;****billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion s principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management amp; Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion s principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group s main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon s portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer. Business Unit/Area Overview FMMedia amp; Technology Purpose of Role To provide a professional, cost effective service by supporting the Facilities Team in delivering security services to the building. Key Objectives of the Role Detect and prevent crime on site Protect people and property Provide a visible security service Communicate with victims of assault Calm violent or distressed individuals Carry out any followup work as a result of an incident, including providing reports or other documentation to the Police nbsp;Analyse information during crime investigations, question witnesses. Transcribe minutes for court proceedings. Plan crime prevention methods Ensures the security of cash movements around site Ensures the security of lost property. Job Level Overview The Job Holder will be subject to close supervision and will work within clearly established work routines/instructions. He/She will be competent in the application of standardised work routines and/or the use of nonspecialist machinery amp; equipment. nbsp;The Job Holder s direct impact on plc and Business Group performance will be negligible. Operational Accountabilities Responsible for the completion of a variety of straightforward, standalone tasks or highvolume transactions within set rules and instructions Takes instruction and will be subject to regular local supervision of progress against results and escalates issues when required Likely to be a member of a team that focuses on daytoday routine tasks Responsible for the delivery of their own defined set of work including planning and decisionmaking Interacts with stakeholders around specific work efforts and deliverables Supports delivery of Health and Safety policy and standards Financial Accountabilities Has awareness of cost/benefit as applicable to tasks performed People Accountabilities Not typically responsible for supervising others  if they do, spends more than 80% of time as a team member rather than supervisor Not responsible for the development of others Knowledge and Applied Skills Able to perform role to the required standard within X timeframe of completion of training Up to NVQ Level 2 qualification as a minimum Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00159.txt " Security Officer Higher Level" " 70076682" " Carillion plc" " Company Overview Carillion is one of the UK s leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over pound;****billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion s principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management amp; Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion s principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group s main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon s portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer. Business Unit/Area Overview FMMedia amp; Technology Purpose of Role To provide a professional, cost effective service by supporting the Facilities Team in delivering security services to the building. Key Objectives of the Role Detect and prevent crime on site Protect people and property Provide a visible security service Communicate with victims of assault Calm violent or distressed individuals Carry out any followup work as a result of an incident, including providing reports or other documentation to the Police nbsp;Analyse information during crime investigations, question witnesses. Transcribe minutes for court proceedings. Plan crime prevention methods Ensures the security of cash movements around site Ensures the security of lost property. Job Level Overview The Job Holder will be subject to close supervision and will work within clearly established work routines/instructions. He/She will be competent in the application of standardised work routines and/or the use of nonspecialist machinery amp; equipment. nbsp;The Job Holder s direct impact on plc and Business Group performance will be negligible. Operational Accountabilities Responsible for the completion of a variety of straightforward, standalone tasks or highvolume transactions within set rules and instructions Takes instruction and will be subject to regular local supervision of progress against results and escalates issues when required Likely to be a member of a team that focuses on daytoday routine tasks Responsible for the delivery of their own defined set of work including planning and decisionmaking Interacts with stakeholders around specific work efforts and deliverables Supports delivery of Health and Safety policy and standards Financial Accountabilities Has awareness of cost/benefit as applicable to tasks performed People Accountabilities Not typically responsible for supervising others  if they do, spends more than 80% of time as a team member rather than supervisor Not responsible for the development of others Knowledge and Applied Skills Able to perform role to the required standard within X timeframe of completion of training Up to NVQ Level 2 qualification as a minimum Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information" "['overview', 'carillion', 'companies', 'substantial', 'portfolio', 'public', 'private', 'partnership', 'projects', 'extensive', 'construction', 'capabilities', 'group', 'annual', 'revenue', 'pound', 'billion', 'employs', 'people', 'operates', 'middle', 'east', 'canada', 'caribbean', 'carillion', 'principal', 'market', 'sectors', 'defence', 'education', 'health', 'facilities', 'amp', 'rail', 'roads', 'building', 'civil', 'utilities', 'middle', 'east', 'carillion', 'principal', 'market', 'sectors', 'construction', 'facilities', 'canada', 'caribbean', 'group', 'main', 'sectors', 'health', 'roads', 'maintenance', 'construction', 'carillon', 'portfolio', 'equity', 'investments', 'public', 'private', 'partnership', 'projects', 'includes', 'projects', 'canada', 'defence', 'education', 'health', 'transport', 'sectors', 'carillion', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer', 'unit', 'area', 'overview', 'amp', 'technology', 'purpose', 'professional', 'cost', 'effective', 'supporting', 'facilities', 'delivering', 'security', 'building', 'key', 'objectives', 'detect', 'prevent', 'crime', 'site', 'protect', 'people', 'property', 'visible', 'security', 'communicate', 'calm', 'individuals', 'carry', 'followup', 'result', 'incident', 'providing', 'reports', 'documentation', 'police', 'nbsp', 'analyse', 'information', 'crime', 'investigations', 'question', 'minutes', 'court', 'proceedings', 'plan', 'crime', 'prevention', 'methods', 'ensures', 'security', 'cash', 'movements', 'site', 'ensures', 'security', 'property', 'level', 'overview', 'holder', 'subject', 'close', 'supervision', 'established', 'routines', 'instructions', 'competent', 'application', 'routines', 'machinery', 'amp', 'equipment', 'nbsp', 'holder', 'direct', 'impact', 'plc', 'group', 'performance', 'operational', 'accountabilities', 'responsible', 'completion', 'variety', 'straightforward', 'standalone', 'tasks', 'transactions', 'set', 'rules', 'instructions', 'takes', 'subject', 'regular', 'local', 'supervision', 'progress', 'results', 'issues', 'member', 'focuses', 'daytoday', 'routine', 'tasks', 'responsible', 'delivery', 'defined', 'set', 'planning', 'decisionmaking', 'interacts', 'stakeholders', 'specific', 'efforts', 'deliverables', 'supports', 'delivery', 'health', 'safety', 'policy', 'standards', 'accountabilities', 'awareness', 'cost', 'benefit', 'applicable', 'tasks', 'performed', 'people', 'accountabilities', 'typically', 'responsible', 'supervising', 'time', 'member', 'supervisor', 'responsible', 'applied', 'perform', 'standard', 'timeframe', 'completion', 'nvq', 'level', 'qualification', 'minimum', 'behavioural', 'competencies', 'achieving', 'builds', 'relationships', 'awareness', 'contributing', 'continuous', 'improvement', 'focus', 'dealing', 'change', 'delivery', 'people', 'planning', 'organising', 'additional', 'information']" Engineering
"Title: Analyst Developer  C, Net, XML, CSS, JavaScript
Webindex: 68806037
Company: William Alexander Recruitment Ltd
Description: Analyst Developer  C, .Net, XML, CSS, JavaScript A leading insurance client of mine are looking for an Analyst Developer for a permanent position in their central London offices. As Analyst Developer you will be involved in development, support, maintenance and assist in the troubleshooting of software application issues. You will have a wealth of experience across C, ASP.NET, along with CSS, DHTML and JavaScript within the insurance/financial services industries. The ideal candidate will have strong knowledge of developing internet applications with SQL Server 2000/****/**** along with TransactSQL. Key Skills; C, ASP.NET DHTML,CSS, XML, JavaScript WCF/.Net Webservices NTier applications Analyst Developer  C, .Net, XML, CSS, JavaScript" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00343.txt " Analyst Developer  C, Net, XML, CSS, JavaScript" " 68806037" " William Alexander Recruitment Ltd" " Analyst Developer  C, .Net, XML, CSS, JavaScript A leading insurance client of mine are looking for an Analyst Developer for a permanent position in their central London offices. As Analyst Developer you will be involved in development, support, maintenance and assist in the troubleshooting of software application issues. You will have a wealth of experience across C, ASP.NET, along with CSS, DHTML and JavaScript within the insurance/financial services industries. The ideal candidate will have strong knowledge of developing internet applications with SQL Server 2000/****/**** along with TransactSQL. Key Skills; C, ASP.NET DHTML,CSS, XML, JavaScript WCF/.Net Webservices NTier applications Analyst Developer  C, .Net, XML, CSS, JavaScript" "['analyst', 'developer', 'net', 'xml', 'css', 'javascript', 'insurance', 'analyst', 'developer', 'permanent', 'central', 'london', 'offices', 'analyst', 'developer', 'involved', 'maintenance', 'assist', 'troubleshooting', 'software', 'application', 'issues', 'wealth', 'asp', 'net', 'css', 'dhtml', 'javascript', 'insurance', 'industries', 'ideal', 'developing', 'internet', 'applications', 'sql', 'server', 'key', 'asp', 'net', 'dhtml', 'css', 'xml', 'javascript', 'wcf', 'net', 'applications', 'analyst', 'developer', 'net', 'xml', 'css', 'javascript']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Assistant Treasury Manager
Webindex: 68677803
Company: Badenoch & Clark   London 
Description: A new opportunity has arisen within an International Investment Bank for an Assistant Treasury Manager. Key responsibilities would include:  Ensuring the timely and accurate processing of Treasury products  Money Market, Foreign Exchange and Certificate of Deposits.  Processing London Foreign Exchange transactions via Continuous Linked Settlement (CLS).  Fostering relationships with dealers.  Managing the timely resolution of trade confirmation discrepancies and outstandings.  Ensuring the timely resolution of differences between transaction systems and Nostros.  Prioritising and delegating work for team members, ensuring key controls are adhered to and daily tasks are completed in a timely manner.  Assisting with the implementation of Ad Hoc projects. The successful candidate will have:  Experience managing a team in a similar role.  Experience processing Treasury products  MM, FX, CD's.  Excellent product knowledge across the above products.  Knowledge of payment formatting SWIFT MT**** and MT****s  Experience of settlement with Issuing Paying Agents This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced Assistant Treasury Manager who is keen to take on a new challenge. www.badenochandclark.com  Let's find the career that connects with your life.Badenoch Clark is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Badenoch Clark is an Equal Opportunity Employer and a registered Disability Symbol User. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AssistantTreasuryManager_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00398.txt " Assistant Treasury Manager" " 68677803" " Badenoch & Clark   London " " A new opportunity has arisen within an International Investment Bank for an Assistant Treasury Manager. Key responsibilities would include:  Ensuring the timely and accurate processing of Treasury products  Money Market, Foreign Exchange and Certificate of Deposits.  Processing London Foreign Exchange transactions via Continuous Linked Settlement (CLS).  Fostering relationships with dealers.  Managing the timely resolution of trade confirmation discrepancies and outstandings.  Ensuring the timely resolution of differences between transaction systems and Nostros.  Prioritising and delegating work for team members, ensuring key controls are adhered to and daily tasks are completed in a timely manner.  Assisting with the implementation of Ad Hoc projects. The successful candidate will have:  Experience managing a team in a similar role.  Experience processing Treasury products  MM, FX, CD's.  Excellent product knowledge across the above products.  Knowledge of payment formatting SWIFT MT**** and MT****s  Experience of settlement with Issuing Paying Agents This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced Assistant Treasury Manager who is keen to take on a new challenge. www.badenochandclark.com  Let's find the career that connects with your life.Badenoch Clark is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Badenoch Clark is an Equal Opportunity Employer and a registered Disability Symbol User. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AssistantTreasuryManager_job****" "['arisen', 'international', 'investment', 'bank', 'assistant', 'treasury', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'ensuring', 'timely', 'accurate', 'processing', 'treasury', 'products', 'money', 'market', 'foreign', 'exchange', 'certificate', 'deposits', 'processing', 'london', 'foreign', 'exchange', 'transactions', 'continuous', 'linked', 'settlement', 'fostering', 'relationships', 'dealers', 'managing', 'timely', 'resolution', 'trade', 'confirmation', 'discrepancies', 'ensuring', 'timely', 'resolution', 'differences', 'transaction', 'prioritising', 'delegating', 'members', 'ensuring', 'key', 'controls', 'adhered', 'daily', 'tasks', 'completed', 'timely', 'manner', 'assisting', 'implementation', 'ad', 'hoc', 'projects', 'managing', 'similar', 'processing', 'treasury', 'products', 'mm', 'fx', 'product', 'products', 'payment', 'swift', 'mt', 'mt', 'settlement', 'issuing', 'paying', 'agents', 'exciting', 'experienced', 'assistant', 'treasury', 'keen', 'challenge', 'www', 'find', 'career', 'life', 'badenoch', 'clark', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'vacancy', 'badenoch', 'clark', 'equal', 'employer', 'registered', 'disability', 'user', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Water Hygiene Engineer
Webindex: 72481581
Company: Jobsite Jobs
Description: Job Title: Water Hygiene Engineer Location Post Code: BS**** (Bristol, Avon) Salary: ****K to ****K (Depending on Skills Experience) Our client is looking for an experienced Water Hygiene Engineer to join their growing team in Bristol. The ideal candidate will have substantial field service experience preferably in the Water Hygiene Industry, an exceptional mechanical aptitude and great customer service skills. They are looking for enthusiastic people with experience in;  Cold water storage tank cleaning and disinfection, including handling and dosing chemicals  Cold water storage tank lining, including using an angle grinder and painting  Showerhead cleaning and disinfection  Cold water storage tank inspections  Water hygiene monitoring tasks including temperature testing, tank inspections, samples and calorifier inspections  Driving ****k miles per year You must have  GCSE Maths and English grade C and above  Experience in Water Hygiene / Legionella control industry  Mechanical aptitude and technical ability  Experience at working unsupervised  Capable of physical work, lifting, carrying and climbing  Full current UK driving Licence In return they are offering a fantastic opportunity to work for a great company, on a good salary, with a van, overtime and generous holiday package. The hours are Monday to Friday 8.30am to 5.30pm. The role is managed from their Avonmouth office, and the work is at their customers sites throughout the UK, with the majority of the work in the South West. About our client Our client is a Bristol based Water Hygiene Service Company. They currently employ **** people and due to continued growth they are looking for an experienced Engineer to join their team. They are specialists operating in the building services sector. They provide solutions for statutory Health and Safety compliance issues, such as the control and prevention of Legionnaires disease. They are signatories to the Legionella Control Associations Code of Conduct which is the recognised trade body for what they do. They are built on a vision of providing exceptional service and value for money to their customers. They achieve this by being passionate that their Engineers are the best trained, best equipped and best presented in their industry. Selection Process: Please apply online with your CV and covering letter explaining the reasons why your skills and experience would make you the best candidate for the job. Further details will be sent out to the email address specified in your application All selected candidates will be subject to a six month probation period. All employment is subject to a satisfactory Criminal records bureau check (CRB). Our client is an equal opportunities employer." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00017.txt " Water Hygiene Engineer" " 72481581" " Jobsite Jobs" " Job Title: Water Hygiene Engineer Location Post Code: BS**** (Bristol, Avon) Salary: ****K to ****K (Depending on Skills Experience) Our client is looking for an experienced Water Hygiene Engineer to join their growing team in Bristol. The ideal candidate will have substantial field service experience preferably in the Water Hygiene Industry, an exceptional mechanical aptitude and great customer service skills. They are looking for enthusiastic people with experience in;  Cold water storage tank cleaning and disinfection, including handling and dosing chemicals  Cold water storage tank lining, including using an angle grinder and painting  Showerhead cleaning and disinfection  Cold water storage tank inspections  Water hygiene monitoring tasks including temperature testing, tank inspections, samples and calorifier inspections  Driving ****k miles per year You must have  GCSE Maths and English grade C and above  Experience in Water Hygiene / Legionella control industry  Mechanical aptitude and technical ability  Experience at working unsupervised  Capable of physical work, lifting, carrying and climbing  Full current UK driving Licence In return they are offering a fantastic opportunity to work for a great company, on a good salary, with a van, overtime and generous holiday package. The hours are Monday to Friday 8.30am to 5.30pm. The role is managed from their Avonmouth office, and the work is at their customers sites throughout the UK, with the majority of the work in the South West. About our client Our client is a Bristol based Water Hygiene Service Company. They currently employ **** people and due to continued growth they are looking for an experienced Engineer to join their team. They are specialists operating in the building services sector. They provide solutions for statutory Health and Safety compliance issues, such as the control and prevention of Legionnaires disease. They are signatories to the Legionella Control Associations Code of Conduct which is the recognised trade body for what they do. They are built on a vision of providing exceptional service and value for money to their customers. They achieve this by being passionate that their Engineers are the best trained, best equipped and best presented in their industry. Selection Process: Please apply online with your CV and covering letter explaining the reasons why your skills and experience would make you the best candidate for the job. Further details will be sent out to the email address specified in your application All selected candidates will be subject to a six month probation period. All employment is subject to a satisfactory Criminal records bureau check (CRB). Our client is an equal opportunities employer." "['title', 'water', 'hygiene', 'location', 'post', 'code', 'bs', 'bristol', 'avon', 'depending', 'experienced', 'water', 'hygiene', 'growing', 'bristol', 'ideal', 'substantial', 'field', 'preferably', 'water', 'hygiene', 'industry', 'exceptional', 'mechanical', 'aptitude', 'great', 'enthusiastic', 'people', 'cold', 'water', 'storage', 'tank', 'cleaning', 'disinfection', 'handling', 'dosing', 'cold', 'water', 'storage', 'tank', 'cleaning', 'disinfection', 'cold', 'water', 'storage', 'tank', 'inspections', 'water', 'hygiene', 'monitoring', 'tasks', 'temperature', 'testing', 'tank', 'inspections', 'samples', 'inspections', 'driving', 'miles', 'year', 'gcse', 'maths', 'english', 'grade', 'water', 'hygiene', 'legionella', 'control', 'industry', 'mechanical', 'aptitude', 'technical', 'unsupervised', 'capable', 'physical', 'lifting', 'carrying', 'climbing', 'current', 'driving', 'licence', 'return', 'offering', 'fantastic', 'great', 'van', 'overtime', 'generous', 'holiday', 'package', 'hours', 'monday', 'friday', 'pm', 'managed', 'office', 'customers', 'sites', 'majority', 'south', 'west', 'bristol', 'water', 'hygiene', 'employ', 'people', 'due', 'continued', 'growth', 'experienced', 'specialists', 'operating', 'building', 'sector', 'solutions', 'statutory', 'health', 'safety', 'compliance', 'issues', 'control', 'prevention', 'disease', 'legionella', 'control', 'code', 'conduct', 'recognised', 'trade', 'body', 'built', 'vision', 'providing', 'exceptional', 'money', 'customers', 'achieve', 'passionate', 'engineers', 'trained', 'equipped', 'presented', 'industry', 'selection', 'process', 'online', 'cv', 'covering', 'letter', 'explaining', 'reasons', 'make', 'details', 'email', 'address', 'application', 'selected', 'candidates', 'subject', 'month', 'probation', 'period', 'employment', 'subject', 'satisfactory', 'criminal', 'records', 'bureau', 'check', 'crb', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer']" Engineering
"Title: Registered Nurse RGN  Nottingham
Webindex: 69010815
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: Registered Nurse RGN  Nottingham This organisation requires a Registered Nurse (RGN) for this older people s care home for a fulltime permanent position. This organisation is a leading provider of nursing, residential and dementia care for older people and has several homes throughout theUK. The responsibilities of the role are to: Manage the assessment, implementation and evaluation of individual care plans, ensuring delivery of a high standard of care Involve patients as much as possible with regards to decisions, so as to maximise their independence Administration of medication Supervise junior staff such as Healthcare Assistants Maintain a safe working environment at all times Maintain confidentiality, liaising with third parties such as GPs as necessarySkills required: Experience working with older people Excellent clinical and care standards, including knowledge of CQC standards Able to demonstrate a willingness to continue your learning and development as a nursing professional Strong communication and teamworking skills Good organisational skills and the ability to prioritise Ability to make decisions and solve problems in a challenging environment Computer literateSuccessful applicants will have: Relevant qualifications: RGN and current PIN Right to Work in theUKwithout any restrictions All applicants will be subject to an enhanced CRB and full references checkThe company invests in training and offers many avenues for career development. Salary is dependent on experience. Please apply with your CV. If you require more information, please contact Helen Strafford" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00439.txt " Registered Nurse RGN  Nottingham" " 69010815" " Capita Resourcing" " Registered Nurse RGN  Nottingham This organisation requires a Registered Nurse (RGN) for this older people s care home for a fulltime permanent position. This organisation is a leading provider of nursing, residential and dementia care for older people and has several homes throughout theUK. The responsibilities of the role are to: Manage the assessment, implementation and evaluation of individual care plans, ensuring delivery of a high standard of care Involve patients as much as possible with regards to decisions, so as to maximise their independence Administration of medication Supervise junior staff such as Healthcare Assistants Maintain a safe working environment at all times Maintain confidentiality, liaising with third parties such as GPs as necessarySkills required: Experience working with older people Excellent clinical and care standards, including knowledge of CQC standards Able to demonstrate a willingness to continue your learning and development as a nursing professional Strong communication and teamworking skills Good organisational skills and the ability to prioritise Ability to make decisions and solve problems in a challenging environment Computer literateSuccessful applicants will have: Relevant qualifications: RGN and current PIN Right to Work in theUKwithout any restrictions All applicants will be subject to an enhanced CRB and full references checkThe company invests in training and offers many avenues for career development. Salary is dependent on experience. Please apply with your CV. If you require more information, please contact Helen Strafford" "['registered', 'nurse', 'rgn', 'nottingham', 'organisation', 'requires', 'registered', 'nurse', 'rgn', 'older', 'people', 'fulltime', 'permanent', 'organisation', 'provider', 'nursing', 'residential', 'dementia', 'older', 'people', 'homes', 'theuk', 'responsibilities', 'manage', 'assessment', 'implementation', 'evaluation', 'individual', 'plans', 'ensuring', 'delivery', 'standard', 'involve', 'patients', 'decisions', 'maximise', 'independence', 'administration', 'medication', 'supervise', 'junior', 'healthcare', 'assistants', 'maintain', 'safe', 'environment', 'times', 'maintain', 'confidentiality', 'liaising', 'parties', 'gps', 'older', 'people', 'clinical', 'standards', 'cqc', 'standards', 'demonstrate', 'willingness', 'continue', 'learning', 'nursing', 'professional', 'communication', 'teamworking', 'organisational', 'prioritise', 'make', 'decisions', 'solve', 'problems', 'challenging', 'environment', 'computer', 'applicants', 'relevant', 'qualifications', 'rgn', 'current', 'pin', 'restrictions', 'applicants', 'subject', 'enhanced', 'crb', 'references', 'invests', 'offers', 'avenues', 'career', 'dependent', 'cv', 'require', 'information', 'contact']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: CSV Consultant 12 Months Contract
Webindex: 69748492
Company: Real
Description: Qualifications First degree or equivalent in a scientific/engineering discipline. Knowledge & Experience Minimum 5 Years Current Experience in BioPharma Industry Minimum 3 Years Experience in a Validation Role (2 Years of which should be in Computer System Validation) Detailed knowledge and practical experience of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) approach to Computer Systems Detailed Knowledge and practical experience of GAMP **** in particular categorisation and Assessment of Computer Systems. Demonstrated understanding and application of industry standard validation practices and documentatation, i.e. IQ, OQ, PQ, Hardware Design Specifications, Software Design Specifications etc A thorough understanding of Good Manufacturing Practice (cGMP) is essential. Key Elements of Role Preparation and Execution of Regulatory/Validation/Risk Assessments for Computer Systems in accordance with Company Procedures Execution of required validation activities where identified by risk assessment Preparation of documentation for Computer System Validation activities complying with company procedures and industry standard practices. Preparation of project plans identifying key milestones and resolving resource bottlenecks in order to achieve stated deadlines. Generation of regular status reports Preparation of detailed validation reports, summarising validation exercise, identifying potential problem items and recommendations for resolving such issues. Key Skills Highly Literate and Numerate High level of competence with computer software packages i.e. MS Office Suite, particularly MS Word/Excel Demonstrable Technical Aptitude in the area of Computer System Validation in the Pharmaceutical Industry Good data analysis/presentation skills. Generation of high quality documentation to a standard that will be suitable for scrutiny by internal and external regulatory bodies Excellent planning/organisational competence and strong commitment to deadlines Extensive verbal and written communication skills in order to be able to communicate clearly at all levels. To apply for this role please send CV or call Rachel Smith on (Apply online only). To find out more about Real please visit (url removed)" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00553.txt " CSV Consultant 12 Months Contract" " 69748492" " Real" " Qualifications First degree or equivalent in a scientific/engineering discipline. Knowledge & Experience Minimum 5 Years Current Experience in BioPharma Industry Minimum 3 Years Experience in a Validation Role (2 Years of which should be in Computer System Validation) Detailed knowledge and practical experience of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) approach to Computer Systems Detailed Knowledge and practical experience of GAMP **** in particular categorisation and Assessment of Computer Systems. Demonstrated understanding and application of industry standard validation practices and documentatation, i.e. IQ, OQ, PQ, Hardware Design Specifications, Software Design Specifications etc A thorough understanding of Good Manufacturing Practice (cGMP) is essential. Key Elements of Role Preparation and Execution of Regulatory/Validation/Risk Assessments for Computer Systems in accordance with Company Procedures Execution of required validation activities where identified by risk assessment Preparation of documentation for Computer System Validation activities complying with company procedures and industry standard practices. Preparation of project plans identifying key milestones and resolving resource bottlenecks in order to achieve stated deadlines. Generation of regular status reports Preparation of detailed validation reports, summarising validation exercise, identifying potential problem items and recommendations for resolving such issues. Key Skills Highly Literate and Numerate High level of competence with computer software packages i.e. MS Office Suite, particularly MS Word/Excel Demonstrable Technical Aptitude in the area of Computer System Validation in the Pharmaceutical Industry Good data analysis/presentation skills. Generation of high quality documentation to a standard that will be suitable for scrutiny by internal and external regulatory bodies Excellent planning/organisational competence and strong commitment to deadlines Extensive verbal and written communication skills in order to be able to communicate clearly at all levels. To apply for this role please send CV or call Rachel Smith on (Apply online only). To find out more about Real please visit (url removed)" "['qualifications', 'degree', 'equivalent', 'scientific', 'discipline', 'minimum', 'years', 'current', 'industry', 'minimum', 'years', 'validation', 'years', 'computer', 'system', 'validation', 'detailed', 'practical', 'software', 'life', 'cycle', 'approach', 'computer', 'detailed', 'practical', 'assessment', 'computer', 'demonstrated', 'understanding', 'application', 'industry', 'standard', 'validation', 'practices', 'pq', 'hardware', 'specifications', 'software', 'specifications', 'understanding', 'manufacturing', 'practice', 'essential', 'key', 'elements', 'preparation', 'execution', 'regulatory', 'validation', 'risk', 'assessments', 'computer', 'accordance', 'procedures', 'execution', 'validation', 'activities', 'identified', 'risk', 'assessment', 'preparation', 'documentation', 'computer', 'system', 'validation', 'activities', 'complying', 'procedures', 'industry', 'standard', 'practices', 'preparation', 'project', 'plans', 'identifying', 'key', 'milestones', 'resolving', 'resource', 'order', 'achieve', 'stated', 'deadlines', 'generation', 'regular', 'status', 'reports', 'preparation', 'detailed', 'validation', 'reports', 'validation', 'exercise', 'identifying', 'potential', 'problem', 'items', 'recommendations', 'resolving', 'issues', 'key', 'highly', 'literate', 'numerate', 'level', 'competence', 'computer', 'software', 'packages', 'ms', 'office', 'suite', 'ms', 'word', 'excel', 'demonstrable', 'technical', 'aptitude', 'area', 'computer', 'system', 'validation', 'pharmaceutical', 'industry', 'data', 'analysis', 'presentation', 'generation', 'quality', 'documentation', 'standard', 'suitable', 'internal', 'external', 'regulatory', 'bodies', 'planning', 'organisational', 'competence', 'commitment', 'deadlines', 'extensive', 'verbal', 'written', 'communication', 'order', 'communicate', 'levels', 'send', 'cv', 'call', 'smith', 'online', 'find', 'real', 'visit', 'url', 'removed']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Microwave Design Engineer
Webindex: 69082147
Company: Ceema Recruitment
Description: Microwave /RF Design Engineer Hertfordshire ****mths **** per hour limited. Defence company. Microwave / RF Design Engineer job description Design and develop RF and microwave circuits (including transmitters, receivers and antennas) which will be used in missile seekers and data links The Microwave / RF Design Engineer will nteract with internal customers and suppliers to understand circuit design requirements, volume constraints and environmental specifications so that the final design is compliant with the design requirements The Microwave / RF Design Engineer provide technical advice and assistance in pursuance of existing and new business, particularly in the fields of RF, Microwave and Antenna Engineering and ensure the effectiveness and competitiveness of the proposed technical solutions Skills and Knowledge for the Microwave / RF Design Engineer Candidates must have experience of the following; Radar Sensor techniques and technology Microwave, RF and Analogue Design, including frequency synthesisers Test and Trials Appreciation of mechanical design Aware of Production techniques and capabilities. Clear understanding of engineering tools, processes and procedures Be conversant with RF design tools including ADS, HFSS is also desirable but not essential Be able to write test requirements and generate test reports Appreciate and be able to work to project deadlines" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00084.txt " Microwave Design Engineer" " 69082147" " Ceema Recruitment" " Microwave /RF Design Engineer Hertfordshire ****mths **** per hour limited. Defence company. Microwave / RF Design Engineer job description Design and develop RF and microwave circuits (including transmitters, receivers and antennas) which will be used in missile seekers and data links The Microwave / RF Design Engineer will nteract with internal customers and suppliers to understand circuit design requirements, volume constraints and environmental specifications so that the final design is compliant with the design requirements The Microwave / RF Design Engineer provide technical advice and assistance in pursuance of existing and new business, particularly in the fields of RF, Microwave and Antenna Engineering and ensure the effectiveness and competitiveness of the proposed technical solutions Skills and Knowledge for the Microwave / RF Design Engineer Candidates must have experience of the following; Radar Sensor techniques and technology Microwave, RF and Analogue Design, including frequency synthesisers Test and Trials Appreciation of mechanical design Aware of Production techniques and capabilities. Clear understanding of engineering tools, processes and procedures Be conversant with RF design tools including ADS, HFSS is also desirable but not essential Be able to write test requirements and generate test reports Appreciate and be able to work to project deadlines" "['microwave', 'rf', 'hertfordshire', 'hour', 'limited', 'defence', 'microwave', 'rf', 'description', 'develop', 'rf', 'microwave', 'circuits', 'seekers', 'data', 'links', 'microwave', 'rf', 'internal', 'customers', 'suppliers', 'understand', 'circuit', 'requirements', 'volume', 'constraints', 'environmental', 'specifications', 'final', 'compliant', 'requirements', 'microwave', 'rf', 'technical', 'advice', 'assistance', 'pursuance', 'existing', 'fields', 'rf', 'microwave', 'effectiveness', 'proposed', 'technical', 'solutions', 'microwave', 'rf', 'candidates', 'techniques', 'technology', 'microwave', 'rf', 'analogue', 'frequency', 'test', 'trials', 'appreciation', 'mechanical', 'aware', 'production', 'techniques', 'capabilities', 'clear', 'understanding', 'tools', 'processes', 'procedures', 'conversant', 'rf', 'tools', 'ads', 'desirable', 'essential', 'write', 'test', 'requirements', 'generate', 'test', 'reports', 'project', 'deadlines']" Engineering
"Title: Senior Sales Negotiator
Webindex: 68678482
Company: R4
Description: R**** is working with an independent Estate Agency near Fareham and together we are recruiting for a Senior Sales Negotiator. The Senior Sales Negotiator will work in a small team specialising in the mid to high end rural market. Ideally you will previously have been a Sales Negotiator within the property industry and be looking for your next challenge. The successful Senior Sales Negotiator can expect a generous basic salary of approx ****k plus commission. . Interviews for the Sales Negotiator position are being held immediately  if interested please apply now This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorSalesNegotiator_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00744.txt " Senior Sales Negotiator" " 68678482" " R4" " R**** is working with an independent Estate Agency near Fareham and together we are recruiting for a Senior Sales Negotiator. The Senior Sales Negotiator will work in a small team specialising in the mid to high end rural market. Ideally you will previously have been a Sales Negotiator within the property industry and be looking for your next challenge. The successful Senior Sales Negotiator can expect a generous basic salary of approx ****k plus commission. . Interviews for the Sales Negotiator position are being held immediately  if interested please apply now This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorSalesNegotiator_job****" "['independent', 'estate', 'agency', 'fareham', 'recruiting', 'senior', 'negotiator', 'senior', 'negotiator', 'small', 'specialising', 'mid', 'end', 'rural', 'market', 'ideally', 'previously', 'negotiator', 'property', 'industry', 'challenge', 'senior', 'negotiator', 'expect', 'generous', 'basic', 'approx', 'commission', 'interviews', 'negotiator', 'held', 'immediately', 'interested', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Account Executive Opportunity with Med Comms Agency
Webindex: 69783468
Company: Non Stop Recruitment
Description: We are currently searching for an ambitious and capable individual to take on a new account executive opportunity within a leading medical communications agency based in London. This role will provide the successful candidate with great experience of working within medical communications that you'll be able to use as a foundation for a fantastic career working within this dynamic and fast moving sector. In this role you will support the account management team in delivering a range of projects on behalf of pharmaceutical companies. You will be doing a wide range of activities, from helping to develop journal articles, organising specialist meetings and conferences, developing medical education materials and this company is getting increasingly involved in digital media. The agency is a smalltomedium sized medical communications agency that has a modern approach and has enjoyed success. Overall, this is a great opportunity for someone with determination and ambition to make a step towards a successful career in medical communications. To be considered for this position it will be necessary to have an academic background within life sciences whilst having some work experience within pharmaceuticals/healthcare. Candidates that have worked as an Account Executive would be ideal and other candidates with relevant internships or related work experience will be prioritised. For a confidential discussion and to find out more information about this role, or simply to find out more about opportunities available to you within this area, please contact Matthew McGinley on or by email to ." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00592.txt " Account Executive Opportunity with Med Comms Agency" " 69783468" " Non Stop Recruitment" " We are currently searching for an ambitious and capable individual to take on a new account executive opportunity within a leading medical communications agency based in London. This role will provide the successful candidate with great experience of working within medical communications that you'll be able to use as a foundation for a fantastic career working within this dynamic and fast moving sector. In this role you will support the account management team in delivering a range of projects on behalf of pharmaceutical companies. You will be doing a wide range of activities, from helping to develop journal articles, organising specialist meetings and conferences, developing medical education materials and this company is getting increasingly involved in digital media. The agency is a smalltomedium sized medical communications agency that has a modern approach and has enjoyed success. Overall, this is a great opportunity for someone with determination and ambition to make a step towards a successful career in medical communications. To be considered for this position it will be necessary to have an academic background within life sciences whilst having some work experience within pharmaceuticals/healthcare. Candidates that have worked as an Account Executive would be ideal and other candidates with relevant internships or related work experience will be prioritised. For a confidential discussion and to find out more information about this role, or simply to find out more about opportunities available to you within this area, please contact Matthew McGinley on or by email to ." "['searching', 'ambitious', 'capable', 'individual', 'account', 'executive', 'medical', 'communications', 'agency', 'london', 'great', 'medical', 'communications', 'foundation', 'fantastic', 'career', 'dynamic', 'fast', 'moving', 'sector', 'account', 'delivering', 'range', 'projects', 'behalf', 'pharmaceutical', 'companies', 'wide', 'range', 'activities', 'helping', 'develop', 'journal', 'organising', 'specialist', 'meetings', 'conferences', 'developing', 'medical', 'education', 'materials', 'increasingly', 'involved', 'digital', 'media', 'agency', 'sized', 'medical', 'communications', 'agency', 'modern', 'approach', 'enjoyed', 'success', 'great', 'determination', 'ambition', 'make', 'step', 'career', 'medical', 'communications', 'considered', 'academic', 'background', 'life', 'sciences', 'whilst', 'pharmaceuticals', 'healthcare', 'candidates', 'worked', 'account', 'executive', 'ideal', 'candidates', 'relevant', 'related', 'prioritised', 'confidential', 'discussion', 'find', 'information', 'simply', 'find', 'opportunities', 'area', 'contact', 'matthew', 'email']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Recruitment Consultant  WestonSuperMare  WestonSuperMare
Webindex: 69817624
Company: Allied Healthcare Group
Description: Allied Healthcare are one of the UK's leading healthcare staffing providers and right now we are currently looking for an experienced individual to join our busy team in WestonSuperMare as Recruitment Consultant.Reporting to the Branch Manager you will be required to handle all new candidates through the company recruitment process. Your duties will include:**** Research Process and develop recruitment plan and activities in line with company objectives. Review and plan strategic recruitment activity – researching current markets Conducting exit interviews and developing and maintaining reports on reasons for leaving. Candidate generation process – advert, web, open days etc Measurable – Final Recruitment & Retention report for region and each office. **** Recruitment Work on strategic recruitment plan with manager – Highlight all the selling points of Allied. Interviewing candidates, including setting appropriate expectations of the role, the company and the recruitment process Ongoing recruitment planning and updating Monitoring activity Recording activity Research seasonal trends for recruitment and retention. Analyse pipeline to ensure new staff requirements have not changed. Working to targets and maintaining pipeline of staff for branch. **** Administration and Compliance Ensure that all information is collated: Application packs CRB applications and payment Any other administrative procedures required by the Manager In return, we will offer a competitive salary, career progression and the opportunity to work for a high profile company.For further information please call Careers on **** **** **** or apply online enclosing your current CV.Allied Healthcare is an equal opportunities employer and is regulated by CQC." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00620.txt " Recruitment Consultant  WestonSuperMare  WestonSuperMare" " 69817624" " Allied Healthcare Group" " Allied Healthcare are one of the UK's leading healthcare staffing providers and right now we are currently looking for an experienced individual to join our busy team in WestonSuperMare as Recruitment Consultant.Reporting to the Branch Manager you will be required to handle all new candidates through the company recruitment process. Your duties will include:**** Research Process and develop recruitment plan and activities in line with company objectives. Review and plan strategic recruitment activity – researching current markets Conducting exit interviews and developing and maintaining reports on reasons for leaving. Candidate generation process – advert, web, open days etc Measurable – Final Recruitment & Retention report for region and each office. **** Recruitment Work on strategic recruitment plan with manager – Highlight all the selling points of Allied. Interviewing candidates, including setting appropriate expectations of the role, the company and the recruitment process Ongoing recruitment planning and updating Monitoring activity Recording activity Research seasonal trends for recruitment and retention. Analyse pipeline to ensure new staff requirements have not changed. Working to targets and maintaining pipeline of staff for branch. **** Administration and Compliance Ensure that all information is collated: Application packs CRB applications and payment Any other administrative procedures required by the Manager In return, we will offer a competitive salary, career progression and the opportunity to work for a high profile company.For further information please call Careers on **** **** **** or apply online enclosing your current CV.Allied Healthcare is an equal opportunities employer and is regulated by CQC." "['allied', 'healthcare', ""uk's"", 'healthcare', 'staffing', 'providers', 'experienced', 'individual', 'busy', 'westonsupermare', 'consultant', 'reporting', 'branch', 'handle', 'candidates', 'process', 'duties', 'include', 'research', 'process', 'develop', 'plan', 'activities', 'line', 'objectives', 'review', 'plan', 'strategic', 'activity', 'researching', 'current', 'markets', 'conducting', 'interviews', 'developing', 'maintaining', 'reports', 'reasons', 'leaving', 'generation', 'process', 'advert', 'web', 'open', 'days', 'measurable', 'final', 'retention', 'report', 'region', 'office', 'strategic', 'plan', 'highlight', 'selling', 'points', 'allied', 'interviewing', 'candidates', 'setting', 'expectations', 'process', 'ongoing', 'planning', 'updating', 'monitoring', 'activity', 'recording', 'activity', 'research', 'seasonal', 'trends', 'retention', 'analyse', 'pipeline', 'requirements', 'changed', 'targets', 'maintaining', 'pipeline', 'branch', 'administration', 'compliance', 'information', 'application', 'packs', 'crb', 'applications', 'payment', 'administrative', 'procedures', 'return', 'offer', 'competitive', 'career', 'progression', 'profile', 'information', 'call', 'careers', 'online', 'enclosing', 'current', 'cv', 'allied', 'healthcare', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer', 'regulated', 'cqc']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Group Financial Controller
Webindex: 72192734
Description: Our client, a highly successful, international business based in Cambridgeshire, has a requirement for a qualified (ACA/ACCA/CIMA) Group Financial Controller. Reporting to the Finance Director, the Group Financial Controller will be responsible for establishing and maintaining robust financial systems and disciplines to ensure regulatory compliance on an international level as well as completeness and accuracy of financial information used to maintain the business. This role is responsible for managing **** teams including a technical team consisting of **** qualified accountants as well as a Finance transaction team. Duties include; ensuring all tax and accounting requirements are met, take the lead in managing corporate governance, including risk management and Sarbanes Oxley, manage the groups insurance programme, prepare quarterly financial information to a US listed company standard, forecast and control company funding and working capital requirements. The successful candidate will be qualified and is likely to have come from a top accounting firm. Candidates will need to possess strong consolidation experience and will ideally have US GAAP knowledge. Please contact Mark Colton at THE ONE GROUP for a confidential discussion  **** ****" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00526.txt " Group Financial Controller" " 72192734"  " Our client, a highly successful, international business based in Cambridgeshire, has a requirement for a qualified (ACA/ACCA/CIMA) Group Financial Controller. Reporting to the Finance Director, the Group Financial Controller will be responsible for establishing and maintaining robust financial systems and disciplines to ensure regulatory compliance on an international level as well as completeness and accuracy of financial information used to maintain the business. This role is responsible for managing **** teams including a technical team consisting of **** qualified accountants as well as a Finance transaction team. Duties include; ensuring all tax and accounting requirements are met, take the lead in managing corporate governance, including risk management and Sarbanes Oxley, manage the groups insurance programme, prepare quarterly financial information to a US listed company standard, forecast and control company funding and working capital requirements. The successful candidate will be qualified and is likely to have come from a top accounting firm. Candidates will need to possess strong consolidation experience and will ideally have US GAAP knowledge. Please contact Mark Colton at THE ONE GROUP for a confidential discussion  **** ****" "['highly', 'international', 'cambridgeshire', 'requirement', 'qualified', 'aca', 'acca', 'cima', 'group', 'controller', 'reporting', 'finance', 'director', 'group', 'controller', 'responsible', 'establishing', 'maintaining', 'robust', 'disciplines', 'regulatory', 'compliance', 'international', 'level', 'completeness', 'accuracy', 'information', 'maintain', 'responsible', 'managing', 'teams', 'technical', 'consisting', 'qualified', 'accountants', 'finance', 'transaction', 'duties', 'include', 'ensuring', 'tax', 'accounting', 'requirements', 'met', 'lead', 'managing', 'corporate', 'governance', 'risk', 'manage', 'groups', 'insurance', 'programme', 'prepare', 'quarterly', 'information', 'listed', 'standard', 'forecast', 'control', 'funding', 'capital', 'requirements', 'qualified', 'top', 'accounting', 'firm', 'candidates', 'possess', 'consolidation', 'ideally', 'gaap', 'contact', 'group', 'confidential', 'discussion']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Electrical Control and Instrumentation Engineer
Webindex: 68057472
Company: MTrec
Description: The Company Our client are a leading North East based manufacturing company. Due to an impressive global customer base and support from their parent company, they truly are a market leader who epitomise success and stability. They are now looking for an Electrical Control and Instrumentation Engineer to join their organisation on a **** month fixed term contract. The Role To implement the E I content of authorised projects for the company. Responsible for design within safety, quality and environmental standards. Conduct audits. Management of electrical and instrumentation installations and maintenance activities. Comply with all HSE requirements including safety policies and procedures. Provide specialist support for E I content in capital expenditure preparation. To handle E I Engineering projects from basic initial design through to completion and handover within authorised cost and to agreed timescale. To prepare detailed E I design drawings e.g. circuit and schematic diagrams, control panel layouts, MCC layouts, cable routes etc. Prepare process control software specification in English Language form, ensuring compatibility with the process documentation. Carry out software coding and system testing. Carry out plant commissioning and validation (hardware and software). Ensure that instrument and control schemes operate within the framework of national and company standards. Supervise and direct junior project engineers and technicians. The Person Minimum HNC in a relevant engineering discipline, ideally chartered status. Process control experience in chemical or pharmaceutical environment. Experience of managing installations in hazardous area environments, ideally to DSEAR regulations. Full understanding of implementation requirements. Good communication and presentation skills. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ElectricalControlandInstrumentationEngineer_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00097.txt " Electrical Control and Instrumentation Engineer" " 68057472" " MTrec" " The Company Our client are a leading North East based manufacturing company. Due to an impressive global customer base and support from their parent company, they truly are a market leader who epitomise success and stability. They are now looking for an Electrical Control and Instrumentation Engineer to join their organisation on a **** month fixed term contract. The Role To implement the E I content of authorised projects for the company. Responsible for design within safety, quality and environmental standards. Conduct audits. Management of electrical and instrumentation installations and maintenance activities. Comply with all HSE requirements including safety policies and procedures. Provide specialist support for E I content in capital expenditure preparation. To handle E I Engineering projects from basic initial design through to completion and handover within authorised cost and to agreed timescale. To prepare detailed E I design drawings e.g. circuit and schematic diagrams, control panel layouts, MCC layouts, cable routes etc. Prepare process control software specification in English Language form, ensuring compatibility with the process documentation. Carry out software coding and system testing. Carry out plant commissioning and validation (hardware and software). Ensure that instrument and control schemes operate within the framework of national and company standards. Supervise and direct junior project engineers and technicians. The Person Minimum HNC in a relevant engineering discipline, ideally chartered status. Process control experience in chemical or pharmaceutical environment. Experience of managing installations in hazardous area environments, ideally to DSEAR regulations. Full understanding of implementation requirements. Good communication and presentation skills. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ElectricalControlandInstrumentationEngineer_job****" "['north', 'east', 'manufacturing', 'due', 'impressive', 'global', 'base', 'parent', 'market', 'leader', 'success', 'stability', 'electrical', 'control', 'instrumentation', 'organisation', 'month', 'fixed', 'term', 'contract', 'implement', 'content', 'authorised', 'projects', 'responsible', 'safety', 'quality', 'environmental', 'standards', 'conduct', 'audits', 'electrical', 'instrumentation', 'installations', 'maintenance', 'activities', 'comply', 'hse', 'requirements', 'safety', 'policies', 'procedures', 'specialist', 'content', 'capital', 'expenditure', 'preparation', 'handle', 'projects', 'basic', 'initial', 'completion', 'handover', 'authorised', 'cost', 'agreed', 'timescale', 'prepare', 'detailed', 'drawings', 'circuit', 'schematic', 'diagrams', 'control', 'panel', 'layouts', 'layouts', 'cable', 'routes', 'prepare', 'process', 'control', 'software', 'specification', 'english', 'language', 'form', 'ensuring', 'compatibility', 'process', 'documentation', 'carry', 'software', 'coding', 'system', 'testing', 'carry', 'plant', 'commissioning', 'validation', 'hardware', 'software', 'instrument', 'control', 'schemes', 'operate', 'framework', 'national', 'standards', 'supervise', 'direct', 'junior', 'project', 'engineers', 'technicians', 'person', 'minimum', 'hnc', 'relevant', 'discipline', 'ideally', 'chartered', 'status', 'process', 'control', 'chemical', 'pharmaceutical', 'environment', 'managing', 'installations', 'area', 'environments', 'ideally', 'regulations', 'understanding', 'implementation', 'requirements', 'communication', 'presentation', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Registered Nurse
Webindex: 69987622
Company: Careerline
Description: Our client is a Grand Victorian country house with magnificent views, now a residence for the elderly, in **** acres of grounds, yet situated in the heart of Plymouth. The home provides the highest standards of elderly care for up to **** and **** sheltered apartments. An exciting opportunity has arisen for an experienced RN with up to date clinical skills to join the established and professional nursing team. A competitive rate of pay, excellent working conditions and genuine career development opportunities are on offer commensurate with this key position within this highly regarded charitable home. Job Duties for Registered General Nurse (RGN):  Registered Nurse (RGN) will be responsible for administration of medication  Supervision of Care Assistants and Senior Care Assistants  Writing and updating care plans  Review and audit of care plans and risk assessments  General nursing care such as wound dressing and personal care The successful Registered General Nurse (RGN) must have:  A relevant Nursing qualification  Valid NMC PIN  A proven clinical track record  Knowledgeable of the statutory requirements associated with care of the elderly  Excellent communication and time management skills  A strong customer focus  A flexible approach to working hours" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00470.txt " Registered Nurse" " 69987622" " Careerline" " Our client is a Grand Victorian country house with magnificent views, now a residence for the elderly, in **** acres of grounds, yet situated in the heart of Plymouth. The home provides the highest standards of elderly care for up to **** and **** sheltered apartments. An exciting opportunity has arisen for an experienced RN with up to date clinical skills to join the established and professional nursing team. A competitive rate of pay, excellent working conditions and genuine career development opportunities are on offer commensurate with this key position within this highly regarded charitable home. Job Duties for Registered General Nurse (RGN):  Registered Nurse (RGN) will be responsible for administration of medication  Supervision of Care Assistants and Senior Care Assistants  Writing and updating care plans  Review and audit of care plans and risk assessments  General nursing care such as wound dressing and personal care The successful Registered General Nurse (RGN) must have:  A relevant Nursing qualification  Valid NMC PIN  A proven clinical track record  Knowledgeable of the statutory requirements associated with care of the elderly  Excellent communication and time management skills  A strong customer focus  A flexible approach to working hours" "['victorian', 'country', 'house', 'views', 'residence', 'elderly', 'grounds', 'situated', 'heart', 'plymouth', 'highest', 'standards', 'elderly', 'apartments', 'exciting', 'arisen', 'experienced', 'rn', 'date', 'clinical', 'established', 'professional', 'nursing', 'competitive', 'rate', 'pay', 'conditions', 'genuine', 'career', 'opportunities', 'offer', 'commensurate', 'key', 'highly', 'regarded', 'charitable', 'duties', 'registered', 'general', 'nurse', 'rgn', 'registered', 'nurse', 'rgn', 'responsible', 'administration', 'medication', 'supervision', 'assistants', 'senior', 'assistants', 'writing', 'updating', 'plans', 'review', 'audit', 'plans', 'risk', 'assessments', 'general', 'nursing', 'wound', 'dressing', 'personal', 'registered', 'general', 'nurse', 'rgn', 'relevant', 'nursing', 'qualification', 'valid', 'nmc', 'pin', 'proven', 'clinical', 'track', 'record', 'knowledgeable', 'statutory', 'requirements', 'elderly', 'communication', 'time', 'focus', 'flexible', 'approach', 'hours']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Electrical Test Technician
Webindex: 72628995
Company: STR Group Limited
Description: Electrical Test Technician  Southampton  **** ****  Permanent An urgent requirement has arisen for an experienced Electrical Test Technician to join my client's team in Southampton on a permanent basis. You will be responsible for high voltage and low voltage testing for a range of products. You will carry out electrical test procedures following standard processes and utilising a range of test equipment such as scopes, DVMs, DMMs and signal analysers. Electrical Test Technician  Southampton  **** ****  Permanent An urgent requirement has arisen for an experienced Electrical Test Technician to join my client's team in Southampton on a permanent basis. You will be responsible for high voltage and low voltage testing for a range of products. You will carry out electrical test procedures following standard processes and utilising a range of test equipment such as scopes, DVMs, DMMs and signal analysers. For the position of Electrical Test Technician you should have proven experience in test engineering within a production test environment, be able to use standard test equipment and read/interpret engineering drawings and diagrams. Additionally you should have experience of working with high voltage. This position comes with a benefits package including 27 days holiday plus bank holidays rising to **** pension, life assurance and a lunchtime finish on Fridays. This position is based in Southampton, commutable from Portsmouth, Fareham, Whiteley, Waterlooville, Eastleigh, Hampshire. In order to apply please forward your CV to hwhelanstrgroup.co.uk or call Heidi on **** **** or for similar positions visit www.strgroup.co.uk ." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00136.txt " Electrical Test Technician" " 72628995" " STR Group Limited" " Electrical Test Technician  Southampton  **** ****  Permanent An urgent requirement has arisen for an experienced Electrical Test Technician to join my client's team in Southampton on a permanent basis. You will be responsible for high voltage and low voltage testing for a range of products. You will carry out electrical test procedures following standard processes and utilising a range of test equipment such as scopes, DVMs, DMMs and signal analysers. Electrical Test Technician  Southampton  **** ****  Permanent An urgent requirement has arisen for an experienced Electrical Test Technician to join my client's team in Southampton on a permanent basis. You will be responsible for high voltage and low voltage testing for a range of products. You will carry out electrical test procedures following standard processes and utilising a range of test equipment such as scopes, DVMs, DMMs and signal analysers. For the position of Electrical Test Technician you should have proven experience in test engineering within a production test environment, be able to use standard test equipment and read/interpret engineering drawings and diagrams. Additionally you should have experience of working with high voltage. This position comes with a benefits package including 27 days holiday plus bank holidays rising to **** pension, life assurance and a lunchtime finish on Fridays. This position is based in Southampton, commutable from Portsmouth, Fareham, Whiteley, Waterlooville, Eastleigh, Hampshire. In order to apply please forward your CV to hwhelanstrgroup.co.uk or call Heidi on **** **** or for similar positions visit www.strgroup.co.uk ." "['electrical', 'test', 'technician', 'southampton', 'permanent', 'urgent', 'requirement', 'arisen', 'experienced', 'electrical', 'test', 'technician', ""client's"", 'southampton', 'permanent', 'basis', 'responsible', 'voltage', 'low', 'voltage', 'testing', 'range', 'products', 'carry', 'electrical', 'test', 'procedures', 'standard', 'processes', 'utilising', 'range', 'test', 'equipment', 'scopes', 'dvms', 'dmms', 'signal', 'analysers', 'electrical', 'test', 'technician', 'southampton', 'permanent', 'urgent', 'requirement', 'arisen', 'experienced', 'electrical', 'test', 'technician', ""client's"", 'southampton', 'permanent', 'basis', 'responsible', 'voltage', 'low', 'voltage', 'testing', 'range', 'products', 'carry', 'electrical', 'test', 'procedures', 'standard', 'processes', 'utilising', 'range', 'test', 'equipment', 'scopes', 'dvms', 'dmms', 'signal', 'analysers', 'electrical', 'test', 'technician', 'proven', 'test', 'production', 'test', 'environment', 'standard', 'test', 'equipment', 'read', 'interpret', 'drawings', 'diagrams', 'additionally', 'voltage', 'benefits', 'package', 'days', 'holiday', 'bank', 'holidays', 'rising', 'pension', 'life', 'assurance', 'finish', 'fridays', 'southampton', 'commutable', 'portsmouth', 'fareham', 'whiteley', 'waterlooville', 'eastleigh', 'hampshire', 'order', 'forward', 'cv', 'call', 'similar', 'positions', 'visit', 'www']" Engineering
"Title: Senior Book keeper
Webindex: 68408186
Description: PROBATION: 6 months Small friendly City Centre Practice with clients in varied sectors seeks an experienced (non or studying) Bookkeeper for immediate start. This Bookkeeper position requires a self –starter who has strong skills in all aspects of bookkeeping up to basic management accounts level within practice. You will be dealing with a range of clients who vary in business types and sizes, including promotions, construction, textile design and enginerring sectors. Responsibilities will include: Bookkeeping and processing  Entering purchase and Sales invoices  Manage purchase/sales ledgers, receipts and payments  Credit control  Possible payroll cover  Bank reconciliation  Petty cash and expense invoice entry and control  General financial administration and liaise with clients to obtain information Period End  Control account reconciliations  Preparation of VAT returns  Accruals and prepayments and cutoff Person specification  Working knowledge of Sage essential (other packages would also be an advantage)  Qualified by experience, IAB or AAT qualified or part qualified/qualified ACCA/CIMA  Sole charge/responsibilities for clients book keeping requirements  Good excel and reconciliation skills  Ability to plan and organise own work and filing  Excellent communication/telephone skills  Outgoing and confident selfstarter  Highly organised and methodical  Capable of meeting deadlines  Practice experience essential" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00353.txt " Senior Book keeper" " 68408186"  " PROBATION: 6 months Small friendly City Centre Practice with clients in varied sectors seeks an experienced (non or studying) Bookkeeper for immediate start. This Bookkeeper position requires a self –starter who has strong skills in all aspects of bookkeeping up to basic management accounts level within practice. You will be dealing with a range of clients who vary in business types and sizes, including promotions, construction, textile design and enginerring sectors. Responsibilities will include: Bookkeeping and processing  Entering purchase and Sales invoices  Manage purchase/sales ledgers, receipts and payments  Credit control  Possible payroll cover  Bank reconciliation  Petty cash and expense invoice entry and control  General financial administration and liaise with clients to obtain information Period End  Control account reconciliations  Preparation of VAT returns  Accruals and prepayments and cutoff Person specification  Working knowledge of Sage essential (other packages would also be an advantage)  Qualified by experience, IAB or AAT qualified or part qualified/qualified ACCA/CIMA  Sole charge/responsibilities for clients book keeping requirements  Good excel and reconciliation skills  Ability to plan and organise own work and filing  Excellent communication/telephone skills  Outgoing and confident selfstarter  Highly organised and methodical  Capable of meeting deadlines  Practice experience essential" "['probation', 'months', 'small', 'friendly', 'city', 'centre', 'practice', 'varied', 'sectors', 'seeks', 'experienced', 'studying', 'bookkeeper', 'start', 'bookkeeper', 'requires', 'starter', 'aspects', 'bookkeeping', 'basic', 'accounts', 'level', 'practice', 'dealing', 'range', 'vary', 'types', 'sizes', 'promotions', 'construction', 'sectors', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'bookkeeping', 'processing', 'entering', 'purchase', 'invoices', 'manage', 'purchase', 'ledgers', 'receipts', 'payments', 'credit', 'control', 'payroll', 'cover', 'bank', 'reconciliation', 'petty', 'cash', 'expense', 'invoice', 'entry', 'control', 'general', 'administration', 'liaise', 'obtain', 'information', 'period', 'end', 'control', 'account', 'reconciliations', 'preparation', 'vat', 'returns', 'accruals', 'prepayments', 'person', 'specification', 'sage', 'essential', 'packages', 'advantage', 'qualified', 'aat', 'qualified', 'part', 'qualified', 'qualified', 'acca', 'cima', 'sole', 'charge', 'responsibilities', 'book', 'keeping', 'requirements', 'excel', 'reconciliation', 'plan', 'organise', 'filing', 'communication', 'telephone', 'outgoing', 'confident', 'selfstarter', 'highly', 'organised', 'methodical', 'capable', 'meeting', 'deadlines', 'practice', 'essential']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Healthcare Assistant  HCA  Gwent  Newport
Webindex: 66932711
Company: Thornbury Nursing
Description: Thornbury Community Services are looking for Health Care Assistants to work in and around the Gwent area working within our community based packages. We offer:   Varied shift patterns, with the opportunity for full or part time hours  Ongoing training & development  Outstanding rates of pay, including holiday pay paid on every shift worked Registered Nurse support available 24 hours a day from our Call Centre  Contributions towards travel expenses Access to a Stakeholder pension schemeThornbury Community Services are looking for experienced Health Care Assistants, ideally with a background in complex clinical care, who are motivated to progress within the community healthcare setting. You have to have a minimum of 6 months UK based paid clinical expertise within the last 3 years, along with the enthusiasm necessary to continue providing safe and competent care. Our clients are cared for in their own homes, along with the assistance of their families and other support services as appropriate. You may be required to work independently with the client, or in conjunction with family members or other health care professionals.To apply to join Thornbury Community Services, please click on ‘Apply to join’ or call us for a chat on **** **** to discuss this, or any of our other roles." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00508.txt " Healthcare Assistant  HCA  Gwent  Newport" " 66932711" " Thornbury Nursing" " Thornbury Community Services are looking for Health Care Assistants to work in and around the Gwent area working within our community based packages. We offer:   Varied shift patterns, with the opportunity for full or part time hours  Ongoing training & development  Outstanding rates of pay, including holiday pay paid on every shift worked Registered Nurse support available 24 hours a day from our Call Centre  Contributions towards travel expenses Access to a Stakeholder pension schemeThornbury Community Services are looking for experienced Health Care Assistants, ideally with a background in complex clinical care, who are motivated to progress within the community healthcare setting. You have to have a minimum of 6 months UK based paid clinical expertise within the last 3 years, along with the enthusiasm necessary to continue providing safe and competent care. Our clients are cared for in their own homes, along with the assistance of their families and other support services as appropriate. You may be required to work independently with the client, or in conjunction with family members or other health care professionals.To apply to join Thornbury Community Services, please click on ‘Apply to join’ or call us for a chat on **** **** to discuss this, or any of our other roles." "['thornbury', 'community', 'health', 'assistants', 'area', 'community', 'packages', 'offer', 'varied', 'shift', 'patterns', 'part', 'time', 'hours', 'ongoing', 'outstanding', 'rates', 'pay', 'holiday', 'pay', 'paid', 'shift', 'worked', 'registered', 'nurse', 'hours', 'day', 'call', 'centre', 'contributions', 'travel', 'expenses', 'access', 'stakeholder', 'pension', 'community', 'experienced', 'health', 'assistants', 'ideally', 'background', 'complex', 'clinical', 'motivated', 'progress', 'community', 'healthcare', 'setting', 'minimum', 'months', 'paid', 'clinical', 'expertise', 'years', 'enthusiasm', 'continue', 'providing', 'safe', 'competent', 'cared', 'homes', 'assistance', 'families', 'independently', 'conjunction', 'family', 'members', 'health', 'professionals', 'thornbury', 'community', 'click', 'call', 'chat', 'discuss', 'roles']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: CNC LATHE SETTER/OPERATOR
Webindex: 69551029
Company: Coltech Precision Engineering Limited
Description: CNC LATHE SETTER OPERATOR ABILITY TO PROGRAMME AN ADVANTAGE MUST BE SKILLED REGULAR HOURS 7.00am 3.30pm MONDAY  FRIDAY OVERTIME AVAILABLE 30 MINUETS LUNCH BREAK SITUATED IN ATTERCLIFFE SHEFFIELD NEAR MEADOWHALL AND TRAM STOPS GOOD PARKING FACILITIES" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00038.txt " CNC LATHE SETTER/OPERATOR" " 69551029" " Coltech Precision Engineering Limited" " CNC LATHE SETTER OPERATOR ABILITY TO PROGRAMME AN ADVANTAGE MUST BE SKILLED REGULAR HOURS 7.00am 3.30pm MONDAY  FRIDAY OVERTIME AVAILABLE 30 MINUETS LUNCH BREAK SITUATED IN ATTERCLIFFE SHEFFIELD NEAR MEADOWHALL AND TRAM STOPS GOOD PARKING FACILITIES" "['cnc', 'lathe', 'setter', 'operator', 'programme', 'advantage', 'skilled', 'regular', 'hours', 'pm', 'monday', 'friday', 'overtime', 'lunch', 'break', 'situated', 'sheffield', 'parking', 'facilities']" Engineering
"Title: Staff Nurse  Haslemere  Haslemere
Webindex: 70014362
Company: Populus Healthcare
Description: Staff Nurse  Haslemere  ****k I have an excellent opportunity for an experienced RN to join one of the Souths leading care organisations. A Staff Nurse position has become available in one of their medium sized care homes providing nursing care for the elderly in need of day to day nursing and Dementia care. This organisation provides nursing care for those with Dementia, Brain Injury, Mental Health and Elderly Nursing through out the South East, all of their homes are at an excellent standard and they have plans to develop more later this year. This Nursing Home is a beautiful Victorian Mansion with views of the surrounding Surrey countryside. The right candidate must have: Valid PIN 1**** months  Nursing experience Great communication skills 2 excellent references For more information or to apply please contact Steph on **** **** **** or email your CV to steph.h.a****lgi****kvag****populusconsultants.aptrack.co" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00596.txt " Staff Nurse  Haslemere  Haslemere" " 70014362" " Populus Healthcare" " Staff Nurse  Haslemere  ****k I have an excellent opportunity for an experienced RN to join one of the Souths leading care organisations. A Staff Nurse position has become available in one of their medium sized care homes providing nursing care for the elderly in need of day to day nursing and Dementia care. This organisation provides nursing care for those with Dementia, Brain Injury, Mental Health and Elderly Nursing through out the South East, all of their homes are at an excellent standard and they have plans to develop more later this year. This Nursing Home is a beautiful Victorian Mansion with views of the surrounding Surrey countryside. The right candidate must have: Valid PIN 1**** months  Nursing experience Great communication skills 2 excellent references For more information or to apply please contact Steph on **** **** **** or email your CV to steph.h.a****lgi****kvag****populusconsultants.aptrack.co" "['nurse', 'haslemere', 'experienced', 'rn', 'organisations', 'nurse', 'medium', 'sized', 'homes', 'providing', 'nursing', 'elderly', 'day', 'day', 'nursing', 'dementia', 'organisation', 'nursing', 'dementia', 'brain', 'injury', 'mental', 'health', 'elderly', 'nursing', 'south', 'east', 'homes', 'standard', 'plans', 'develop', 'year', 'nursing', 'beautiful', 'victorian', 'views', 'surrounding', 'surrey', 'countryside', 'valid', 'pin', 'months', 'nursing', 'great', 'communication', 'references', 'information', 'contact', 'steph', 'email', 'cv', 'steph', 'lgi', 'aptrack']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: RGN  Care Home Nurse
Webindex: 69011089
Company: Appoint Group
Description: PB****  RGN  Care Home Nurse Location  Storrington, West Sussex Salary approx. ****  **** dependent on hours worked An excellent rated care home in West Sussex has a fantastic new vacancy for a qualified RGN to join their team of day nurses. We are looking for a highly motivated RGN who has great communication skills, is competent in there nursing ability and is still keen to learn and work hard in a nursing home environment. The home is a privately owned care home providing elderly and dementia care for ****  **** residents. The ideal candidate will have previous experience in nursing residential care for the elderly and will have excellent clinical skills together with knowledge of the care home environment and working with these service user types along with having skills and experience with medication management and hands on clinical nursing. Experience of being a nurse in charge and of writing care plans would be advantageous. The care home caters for elderly residents with dementia and the ideal candidate will therefore have experience in working with this client group. You will be working 37.5 hours per week, working day shifts with the opportunity for overtime. The company are offering competitive rates of pay with generous holiday allowance. There are also excellent benefits on offer such as continual training and subsided meals The successful candidate will be flexible, motivated and enthusiastic in their work. They will have experience in working with the elderly and will hold a valid NMC Pin. Applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK. For more information or to apply please contact Philip at Appoint Group on ****  **** or email" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00446.txt " RGN  Care Home Nurse" " 69011089" " Appoint Group" " PB****  RGN  Care Home Nurse Location  Storrington, West Sussex Salary approx. ****  **** dependent on hours worked An excellent rated care home in West Sussex has a fantastic new vacancy for a qualified RGN to join their team of day nurses. We are looking for a highly motivated RGN who has great communication skills, is competent in there nursing ability and is still keen to learn and work hard in a nursing home environment. The home is a privately owned care home providing elderly and dementia care for ****  **** residents. The ideal candidate will have previous experience in nursing residential care for the elderly and will have excellent clinical skills together with knowledge of the care home environment and working with these service user types along with having skills and experience with medication management and hands on clinical nursing. Experience of being a nurse in charge and of writing care plans would be advantageous. The care home caters for elderly residents with dementia and the ideal candidate will therefore have experience in working with this client group. You will be working 37.5 hours per week, working day shifts with the opportunity for overtime. The company are offering competitive rates of pay with generous holiday allowance. There are also excellent benefits on offer such as continual training and subsided meals The successful candidate will be flexible, motivated and enthusiastic in their work. They will have experience in working with the elderly and will hold a valid NMC Pin. Applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK. For more information or to apply please contact Philip at Appoint Group on ****  **** or email" "['rgn', 'nurse', 'location', 'west', 'sussex', 'approx', 'dependent', 'hours', 'worked', 'west', 'sussex', 'fantastic', 'vacancy', 'qualified', 'rgn', 'day', 'nurses', 'highly', 'motivated', 'rgn', 'great', 'communication', 'competent', 'nursing', 'keen', 'learn', 'hard', 'nursing', 'environment', 'privately', 'owned', 'providing', 'elderly', 'dementia', 'residents', 'ideal', 'previous', 'nursing', 'residential', 'elderly', 'clinical', 'environment', 'user', 'types', 'medication', 'hands', 'clinical', 'nursing', 'nurse', 'charge', 'writing', 'plans', 'advantageous', 'caters', 'elderly', 'residents', 'dementia', 'ideal', 'group', 'hours', 'week', 'day', 'shifts', 'overtime', 'offering', 'competitive', 'rates', 'pay', 'generous', 'holiday', 'allowance', 'benefits', 'offer', 'continual', 'meals', 'flexible', 'motivated', 'enthusiastic', 'elderly', 'hold', 'valid', 'nmc', 'pin', 'applicants', 'eligible', 'live', 'information', 'contact', 'appoint', 'group', 'email']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Commercial Financial Analyst
Webindex: 68681216
Company: Muscari Recruitment
Description: Commercial Finance Analyst Retail business with a recognisable product based in Bristol is looking for a Commmercial Finance Analyst. key resonsibilities will be: **** To drive profitable growth around brands **** Improve financial reporting and analysis **** To ensure alignment with key company financial goals **** To achieve a very high level of commercial finance understanding in an FMCG environment **** Develop , review control plans to focus spend on major growth initiative **** Ensure high quality fiscal control review **** Support challenge new initiatives marketing plans **** Bring intense focus to Gross Margin improvement **** Build strong, coherent plans forecasts to exceed key financial targets based on robust financial thinking **** Consistently improve on key controls, systems processes eg ROI, audit disciplines, plan process, spend controls **** Play a central role in the finance team the Brand 'Core’ team, by building strong relationships across the business. You are likely to have gained similar experience from a retail background but other industry sector experience will be considered. You will, however, be a qualified CCAB accountant and have proven commercial finance skills. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommercialFinancialAnalyst_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00349.txt " Commercial Financial Analyst" " 68681216" " Muscari Recruitment" " Commercial Finance Analyst Retail business with a recognisable product based in Bristol is looking for a Commmercial Finance Analyst. key resonsibilities will be: **** To drive profitable growth around brands **** Improve financial reporting and analysis **** To ensure alignment with key company financial goals **** To achieve a very high level of commercial finance understanding in an FMCG environment **** Develop , review control plans to focus spend on major growth initiative **** Ensure high quality fiscal control review **** Support challenge new initiatives marketing plans **** Bring intense focus to Gross Margin improvement **** Build strong, coherent plans forecasts to exceed key financial targets based on robust financial thinking **** Consistently improve on key controls, systems processes eg ROI, audit disciplines, plan process, spend controls **** Play a central role in the finance team the Brand 'Core’ team, by building strong relationships across the business. You are likely to have gained similar experience from a retail background but other industry sector experience will be considered. You will, however, be a qualified CCAB accountant and have proven commercial finance skills. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommercialFinancialAnalyst_job****" "['commercial', 'finance', 'analyst', 'retail', 'recognisable', 'product', 'bristol', 'finance', 'analyst', 'key', 'drive', 'profitable', 'growth', 'brands', 'improve', 'reporting', 'analysis', 'alignment', 'key', 'goals', 'achieve', 'level', 'commercial', 'finance', 'understanding', 'fmcg', 'environment', 'develop', 'review', 'control', 'plans', 'focus', 'spend', 'major', 'growth', 'initiative', 'quality', 'control', 'review', 'challenge', 'initiatives', 'marketing', 'plans', 'bring', 'focus', 'gross', 'margin', 'improvement', 'build', 'plans', 'forecasts', 'exceed', 'key', 'targets', 'robust', 'thinking', 'consistently', 'improve', 'key', 'controls', 'processes', 'roi', 'audit', 'disciplines', 'plan', 'process', 'spend', 'controls', 'play', 'central', 'finance', 'brand', 'core', 'building', 'relationships', 'gained', 'similar', 'retail', 'background', 'industry', 'sector', 'considered', 'qualified', 'ccab', 'accountant', 'proven', 'commercial', 'finance', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Social Care Direct Advisor  Chelmsford
Webindex: 71750535
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: Service & Information Advisor  Chelmsford Permanent Contract Part Time  21 hours per week Based: Broomfield with free parking available Salary: Band 3, SCP **** ****  **** pro rata Enhancement: 15% for unsocial out of hours working Working Hours: 9 week rolling rota of **** hour shifts, covering overnights, evenings, weekends and Bank Holidays (including Christmas). Flexibility is required. We are currently seeking a Service & Information Advisor to be based within the Emergency Duty Service. The Service operates out of hours, 365 days a year, providing emergency support for all aspects of Social Care. The Role  To work as part of a small team using your own initiative to provide the first point of contact for the Emergency Duty Service.  To promote a customer focused image to all callers by direct telephone contact.  To respond to all calls from the Public and from Professional Agencies, gathering accurate and relevant information to determine whether this requires an emergency response from the Social Work Team. The ideal candidate will:  Be able to work well under pressure while remaining calm and methodical  Be good at problem solving  Be computer literate  having knowledge of Microsoft Office and hold excellent typing skills  Have experience of using databases (would be advantageous but not essential  full training will be provided) Essex County Council is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and vulnerable adults, and expects all employees and volunteers to share this commitment. Our aim is to be an equal opportunities employer. We welcome applications, regardless of race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origins, sex, disability, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, marital or civil partner status, pregnancy or maternity, age or religion or belief. All applications will be considered solely on merit. Essex County Council are proud to offer an excellent benefits package to all of our employees. This includes: A Local Government pension scheme. Interest free bus & rail season ticket loans, ****  **** as well as pool bikes & a car sharing scheme. Access to the key worker housing scheme. Childcare voucher scheme. Excellent opportunities for personal & professional development through our specialist L&D teams. Extensive induction programmes. At least 22 days annual leave  **** bank holiday days (rising to 29 days dependant on grade & length of service). A sports & social club at County Hall, Chelmsford. Continued service benefits. Staff discounts in gyms / travel agents / car sales / restaurants & days out. Please visit (url removed) for a full list of benefits of working for Essex County Council Working for Essex welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Working for Essex is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00465.txt " Social Care Direct Advisor  Chelmsford" " 71750535" " Capita Resourcing" " Service & Information Advisor  Chelmsford Permanent Contract Part Time  21 hours per week Based: Broomfield with free parking available Salary: Band 3, SCP **** ****  **** pro rata Enhancement: 15% for unsocial out of hours working Working Hours: 9 week rolling rota of **** hour shifts, covering overnights, evenings, weekends and Bank Holidays (including Christmas). Flexibility is required. We are currently seeking a Service & Information Advisor to be based within the Emergency Duty Service. The Service operates out of hours, 365 days a year, providing emergency support for all aspects of Social Care. The Role  To work as part of a small team using your own initiative to provide the first point of contact for the Emergency Duty Service.  To promote a customer focused image to all callers by direct telephone contact.  To respond to all calls from the Public and from Professional Agencies, gathering accurate and relevant information to determine whether this requires an emergency response from the Social Work Team. The ideal candidate will:  Be able to work well under pressure while remaining calm and methodical  Be good at problem solving  Be computer literate  having knowledge of Microsoft Office and hold excellent typing skills  Have experience of using databases (would be advantageous but not essential  full training will be provided) Essex County Council is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and vulnerable adults, and expects all employees and volunteers to share this commitment. Our aim is to be an equal opportunities employer. We welcome applications, regardless of race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origins, sex, disability, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, marital or civil partner status, pregnancy or maternity, age or religion or belief. All applications will be considered solely on merit. Essex County Council are proud to offer an excellent benefits package to all of our employees. This includes: A Local Government pension scheme. Interest free bus & rail season ticket loans, ****  **** as well as pool bikes & a car sharing scheme. Access to the key worker housing scheme. Childcare voucher scheme. Excellent opportunities for personal & professional development through our specialist L&D teams. Extensive induction programmes. At least 22 days annual leave  **** bank holiday days (rising to 29 days dependant on grade & length of service). A sports & social club at County Hall, Chelmsford. Continued service benefits. Staff discounts in gyms / travel agents / car sales / restaurants & days out. Please visit (url removed) for a full list of benefits of working for Essex County Council Working for Essex welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Working for Essex is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us" "['information', 'advisor', 'chelmsford', 'permanent', 'contract', 'part', 'time', 'hours', 'week', 'free', 'parking', 'band', 'pro', 'rata', 'hours', 'hours', 'week', 'rolling', 'rota', 'hour', 'shifts', 'covering', 'evenings', 'weekends', 'bank', 'holidays', 'christmas', 'flexibility', 'seeking', 'information', 'advisor', 'emergency', 'duty', 'operates', 'hours', 'days', 'year', 'providing', 'emergency', 'aspects', 'social', 'part', 'small', 'initiative', 'point', 'contact', 'emergency', 'duty', 'promote', 'focused', 'image', 'direct', 'telephone', 'contact', 'respond', 'calls', 'public', 'professional', 'agencies', 'gathering', 'accurate', 'relevant', 'information', 'determine', 'requires', 'emergency', 'response', 'social', 'ideal', 'pressure', 'calm', 'methodical', 'problem', 'solving', 'computer', 'literate', 'microsoft', 'office', 'hold', 'typing', 'databases', 'advantageous', 'essential', 'provided', 'essex', 'county', 'council', 'committed', 'safeguarding', 'promoting', 'welfare', 'children', 'vulnerable', 'adults', 'expects', 'employees', 'volunteers', 'share', 'commitment', 'aim', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer', 'applications', 'race', 'colour', 'nationality', 'ethnic', 'national', 'sex', 'disability', 'sexual', 'orientation', 'gender', 'reassignment', 'marital', 'civil', 'partner', 'status', 'pregnancy', 'maternity', 'age', 'religion', 'belief', 'applications', 'considered', 'solely', 'merit', 'essex', 'county', 'council', 'proud', 'offer', 'benefits', 'package', 'employees', 'includes', 'local', 'government', 'pension', 'scheme', 'interest', 'free', 'bus', 'rail', 'season', 'ticket', 'loans', 'pool', 'bikes', 'car', 'sharing', 'scheme', 'access', 'key', 'worker', 'housing', 'scheme', 'childcare', 'voucher', 'scheme', 'opportunities', 'personal', 'professional', 'specialist', 'teams', 'extensive', 'induction', 'programmes', 'days', 'annual', 'leave', 'bank', 'holiday', 'days', 'rising', 'days', 'dependant', 'grade', 'length', 'sports', 'social', 'club', 'county', 'hall', 'chelmsford', 'continued', 'benefits', 'discounts', 'travel', 'agents', 'car', 'restaurants', 'days', 'visit', 'url', 'removed', 'list', 'benefits', 'essex', 'county', 'council', 'essex', 'applications', 'suitably', 'qualified', 'people', 'gender', 'race', 'disability', 'age', 'sexual', 'orientation', 'essex', 'trading', 'capita', 'resourcing', 'offered', 'employment', 'agency', 'employment', 'applicants', 'register']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Cash Team Manager  London
Webindex: 71240775
Company: Warner Scott Recruitment
Description: Our client, a well regarded Asset Management House are looking for a Cash Team Manager to manage and oversee and manage the day to day management of the Cash Management team. Primary duties will include: Ensuring all outstanding cash items are reconciled and cleared in a timely fashion. Ensuring all interest is posted to relevant client accounts and provides relevant M.I. to the Operations Manager. Due diligence with regard to Controls and escalation. Staff appraisals and objectives to be defined and set out. APPLY NOW" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00257.txt " Cash Team Manager  London" " 71240775" " Warner Scott Recruitment" " Our client, a well regarded Asset Management House are looking for a Cash Team Manager to manage and oversee and manage the day to day management of the Cash Management team. Primary duties will include: Ensuring all outstanding cash items are reconciled and cleared in a timely fashion. Ensuring all interest is posted to relevant client accounts and provides relevant M.I. to the Operations Manager. Due diligence with regard to Controls and escalation. Staff appraisals and objectives to be defined and set out. APPLY NOW" "['regarded', 'asset', 'house', 'cash', 'manage', 'oversee', 'manage', 'day', 'day', 'cash', 'primary', 'duties', 'include', 'ensuring', 'outstanding', 'cash', 'items', 'cleared', 'timely', 'fashion', 'ensuring', 'interest', 'posted', 'relevant', 'accounts', 'relevant', 'operations', 'due', 'regard', 'controls', 'escalation', 'appraisals', 'objectives', 'defined', 'set']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: TEMPORARY INVOICING IN PUTTER
Webindex: 69937154
Description: Our client, based in Harrogate, are currently looking for a temp to join their accounts team on a three month booking starting immediately. Duties will include in putting invoices on to an in house database, reconciling supplier statements, resolving basic queries and general office work. You will have some invoicing experience, excellent communication, accuracy and knowledge of Excel. You must be able to commit to the whole booking. Interested? Send your CV to NOW" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00342.txt " TEMPORARY INVOICING IN PUTTER" " 69937154"  " Our client, based in Harrogate, are currently looking for a temp to join their accounts team on a three month booking starting immediately. Duties will include in putting invoices on to an in house database, reconciling supplier statements, resolving basic queries and general office work. You will have some invoicing experience, excellent communication, accuracy and knowledge of Excel. You must be able to commit to the whole booking. Interested? Send your CV to NOW" "['harrogate', 'temp', 'accounts', 'month', 'booking', 'starting', 'immediately', 'duties', 'include', 'putting', 'invoices', 'house', 'database', 'reconciling', 'supplier', 'statements', 'resolving', 'basic', 'queries', 'general', 'office', 'invoicing', 'communication', 'accuracy', 'excel', 'commit', 'booking', 'interested', 'send', 'cv']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Finance Director
Webindex: 68242598
Company: Arlington Resource Management
Description: This highly impressive Entrepreneurial Corporate in North London in the Travel/IT/Leisure/Ecommerce sector has enjoyed rapid growth in recent years and is forecasting a further 2530% YOY growth in the next 3 years as it enters new channels to market (B2B and B2C) and introduces new innovative products. Led by an inspirational management team, the company is seeking a Finance Director to support the COO, CCO and CEO and provide strategic direction and leadership as it embarks on this next stage of growth. Reporting to the COO, the role will oversee all financial procedures across two European finance teams (**** staff) – reporting and analysis, budgeting, forex issues, treasury, staff management, MIS, internal controls and processes, statutory responsibilities and risk management  all in a high volume online transaction business. Close attention will be needed regarding IT and reporting systems. The new Finance Director will have a recognised accounting qualification (ACA, ACCA, ACMA, CIMA etc), strong commercial acumen and business insight, yet good handson manmanagement and process/reporting/IT skills with attention to detail. Current experience as a number one Finance Director is a high volume business is preferred. A background in ecommerce, technology, leisure or travel will be useful but not necessarily essential. Excellent prospects." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00381.txt " Finance Director" " 68242598" " Arlington Resource Management" " This highly impressive Entrepreneurial Corporate in North London in the Travel/IT/Leisure/Ecommerce sector has enjoyed rapid growth in recent years and is forecasting a further 2530% YOY growth in the next 3 years as it enters new channels to market (B2B and B2C) and introduces new innovative products. Led by an inspirational management team, the company is seeking a Finance Director to support the COO, CCO and CEO and provide strategic direction and leadership as it embarks on this next stage of growth. Reporting to the COO, the role will oversee all financial procedures across two European finance teams (**** staff) – reporting and analysis, budgeting, forex issues, treasury, staff management, MIS, internal controls and processes, statutory responsibilities and risk management  all in a high volume online transaction business. Close attention will be needed regarding IT and reporting systems. The new Finance Director will have a recognised accounting qualification (ACA, ACCA, ACMA, CIMA etc), strong commercial acumen and business insight, yet good handson manmanagement and process/reporting/IT skills with attention to detail. Current experience as a number one Finance Director is a high volume business is preferred. A background in ecommerce, technology, leisure or travel will be useful but not necessarily essential. Excellent prospects." "['highly', 'impressive', 'entrepreneurial', 'corporate', 'north', 'london', 'travel', 'leisure', 'ecommerce', 'sector', 'enjoyed', 'rapid', 'growth', 'recent', 'years', 'forecasting', 'growth', 'years', 'channels', 'market', 'innovative', 'products', 'led', 'inspirational', 'seeking', 'finance', 'director', 'coo', 'ceo', 'strategic', 'direction', 'leadership', 'stage', 'growth', 'reporting', 'coo', 'oversee', 'procedures', 'european', 'finance', 'teams', 'reporting', 'analysis', 'budgeting', 'issues', 'treasury', 'mis', 'internal', 'controls', 'processes', 'statutory', 'responsibilities', 'risk', 'volume', 'online', 'transaction', 'close', 'attention', 'needed', 'reporting', 'finance', 'director', 'recognised', 'accounting', 'qualification', 'aca', 'acca', 'cima', 'commercial', 'acumen', 'insight', 'handson', 'process', 'reporting', 'attention', 'detail', 'current', 'number', 'finance', 'director', 'volume', 'preferred', 'background', 'ecommerce', 'technology', 'leisure', 'travel', 'necessarily', 'essential', 'prospects']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Treasury Assistant Manager
Webindex: 68622279
Company: Communicate
Description: An excellent opportunity has arisen for a treasury professional to join a strong treasury function as a senior Treasury Analyst. The main responsibilities of the role are : • Group FX exposure management • Treasury controls, procedures and documentation • Global cash management • Treasury month end accounting. • Group cash forecasting • Further development of Treasury management system • FX dealing • Group mandates and bank account management • Administration of online banking platforms for HO companies • Management of intercompany loans. • Intercompany netting • Bonds and guarantees The prefect candidate will be motivated, personable and studying for a professional qualification or already qualified." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00384.txt " Treasury Assistant Manager" " 68622279" " Communicate" " An excellent opportunity has arisen for a treasury professional to join a strong treasury function as a senior Treasury Analyst. The main responsibilities of the role are : • Group FX exposure management • Treasury controls, procedures and documentation • Global cash management • Treasury month end accounting. • Group cash forecasting • Further development of Treasury management system • FX dealing • Group mandates and bank account management • Administration of online banking platforms for HO companies • Management of intercompany loans. • Intercompany netting • Bonds and guarantees The prefect candidate will be motivated, personable and studying for a professional qualification or already qualified." "['arisen', 'treasury', 'professional', 'treasury', 'function', 'senior', 'treasury', 'analyst', 'main', 'responsibilities', 'group', 'fx', 'exposure', 'treasury', 'controls', 'procedures', 'documentation', 'global', 'cash', 'treasury', 'month', 'end', 'accounting', 'group', 'cash', 'forecasting', 'treasury', 'system', 'fx', 'dealing', 'group', 'bank', 'account', 'administration', 'online', 'banking', 'platforms', 'companies', 'intercompany', 'loans', 'intercompany', 'motivated', 'personable', 'studying', 'professional', 'qualification', 'qualified']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Staff Nurse General Surgery
Webindex: 69011871
Company: Support Services Group
Description: Position Staff Nurse General Surgery Location  London Band: ****  ****k ****k dependent on whether you take on a night rota. Hours: 35 hours per week, working days and weekends or nights and weekends My client is one of UK s largest independently owned nonprofit hospital who undertake highly complex procedures in addition to routine surgery and medicine. Consisting of over **** patients beds and **** operating theatres including dedicated endoscopy suites, a day surgery unit and a 24 hour consultantled Intensive Care Unit. An exciting opportunity has arisen for an enthusiastic and motivated individual to join the General Surgery team. The successful candidate will take the lead of the night nursing team and work as an integral member of the multidisciplinary team. This role will support existing services and contribute to the development of a new Hepatology speciality. Candidates should have at least four years experience within an acute surgical speciality. In addition to strong leadership, we require the successful candidate to demonstrate excellent communication skills and the ability to manage change. Relevant postregistration nursing experience in an acute surgical setting is essential. A keen interest in Hepatology is desirable, but not essential. Essential Requirements: Experience: To have a minimum of 4 years post registration experience in an acute setting. Knowledge: To be familiar with Nursing Models. To provide evidence of professional development. Qualifications: Registered nurse Skills: To demonstrate high standards of Clinical Practice To have effective Interpersonal and Organisational skills To have the ability to work as a Multidisciplinary Team. Personal Attributes: To be articulate, enthusiastic and flexible To have a calm and pleasant disposition. Desirable Requirements: Experience: To have experience with Gynaecology, Hepatology or Thoracic patients. To have previous experience of working in the private sector. To have previous experience of managing the treatment and care of patients. To have previous experience of working with and supervising students. Qualifications: To hold Mentorship Qualification or equivalent For more information please contact Holly Brace at JP Recruit" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00529.txt " Staff Nurse General Surgery" " 69011871" " Support Services Group" " Position Staff Nurse General Surgery Location  London Band: ****  ****k ****k dependent on whether you take on a night rota. Hours: 35 hours per week, working days and weekends or nights and weekends My client is one of UK s largest independently owned nonprofit hospital who undertake highly complex procedures in addition to routine surgery and medicine. Consisting of over **** patients beds and **** operating theatres including dedicated endoscopy suites, a day surgery unit and a 24 hour consultantled Intensive Care Unit. An exciting opportunity has arisen for an enthusiastic and motivated individual to join the General Surgery team. The successful candidate will take the lead of the night nursing team and work as an integral member of the multidisciplinary team. This role will support existing services and contribute to the development of a new Hepatology speciality. Candidates should have at least four years experience within an acute surgical speciality. In addition to strong leadership, we require the successful candidate to demonstrate excellent communication skills and the ability to manage change. Relevant postregistration nursing experience in an acute surgical setting is essential. A keen interest in Hepatology is desirable, but not essential. Essential Requirements: Experience: To have a minimum of 4 years post registration experience in an acute setting. Knowledge: To be familiar with Nursing Models. To provide evidence of professional development. Qualifications: Registered nurse Skills: To demonstrate high standards of Clinical Practice To have effective Interpersonal and Organisational skills To have the ability to work as a Multidisciplinary Team. Personal Attributes: To be articulate, enthusiastic and flexible To have a calm and pleasant disposition. Desirable Requirements: Experience: To have experience with Gynaecology, Hepatology or Thoracic patients. To have previous experience of working in the private sector. To have previous experience of managing the treatment and care of patients. To have previous experience of working with and supervising students. Qualifications: To hold Mentorship Qualification or equivalent For more information please contact Holly Brace at JP Recruit" "['nurse', 'general', 'surgery', 'location', 'london', 'band', 'dependent', 'night', 'rota', 'hours', 'hours', 'week', 'days', 'weekends', 'nights', 'weekends', 'largest', 'independently', 'owned', 'nonprofit', 'hospital', 'undertake', 'highly', 'complex', 'procedures', 'addition', 'routine', 'surgery', 'medicine', 'consisting', 'patients', 'beds', 'operating', 'theatres', 'dedicated', 'endoscopy', 'suites', 'day', 'surgery', 'unit', 'hour', 'intensive', 'unit', 'exciting', 'arisen', 'enthusiastic', 'motivated', 'individual', 'general', 'surgery', 'lead', 'night', 'nursing', 'integral', 'member', 'multidisciplinary', 'existing', 'contribute', 'hepatology', 'speciality', 'candidates', 'years', 'acute', 'surgical', 'speciality', 'addition', 'leadership', 'require', 'demonstrate', 'communication', 'manage', 'change', 'relevant', 'postregistration', 'nursing', 'acute', 'surgical', 'setting', 'essential', 'keen', 'interest', 'hepatology', 'desirable', 'essential', 'essential', 'requirements', 'minimum', 'years', 'post', 'registration', 'acute', 'setting', 'familiar', 'nursing', 'models', 'evidence', 'professional', 'qualifications', 'registered', 'nurse', 'demonstrate', 'standards', 'clinical', 'practice', 'effective', 'interpersonal', 'organisational', 'multidisciplinary', 'personal', 'attributes', 'articulate', 'enthusiastic', 'flexible', 'calm', 'pleasant', 'disposition', 'desirable', 'requirements', 'gynaecology', 'hepatology', 'patients', 'previous', 'private', 'sector', 'previous', 'managing', 'treatment', 'patients', 'previous', 'supervising', 'students', 'qualifications', 'hold', 'mentorship', 'qualification', 'equivalent', 'information', 'contact', 'holly', 'brace', 'jp', 'recruit']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Night Care Assistant
Webindex: 70598851
Description: Redwood House residential home in Barnt Green is looking to recruit a part time night care assistant. You will be required to work at least two shifts per week from 10pm to 8am, also provide cover for holidays. The post is subject to an Enhanced Criminal Record Certificate from the DBS, the cost of which will be met by the employer." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00462.txt " Night Care Assistant" " 70598851"  " Redwood House residential home in Barnt Green is looking to recruit a part time night care assistant. You will be required to work at least two shifts per week from 10pm to 8am, also provide cover for holidays. The post is subject to an Enhanced Criminal Record Certificate from the DBS, the cost of which will be met by the employer." "['house', 'residential', 'green', 'recruit', 'part', 'time', 'night', 'assistant', 'shifts', 'week', 'pm', 'cover', 'holidays', 'post', 'subject', 'enhanced', 'criminal', 'record', 'certificate', 'dbs', 'cost', 'met', 'employer']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Mental Health Nurse (RMN)  Bath
Webindex: 68537806
Company: MSI Nurses LTD
Description: MSI Nurses are currently looking to recruit qualified and experienced Registered Mental Health Nurses (RMN's) to work regular adhoc shifts in a local NHS Hospital based in Bath.We can offer competitive pay rates and have plenty of work available to suit your needs. Job Summary:  Caring for patients experiencing acute mental distress or who have an enduring mental illness  Assess patients, plans and implements care  Provide specialist advice and maintains associated records  Carry out specialist nursing procedures  Promote a recovery based approach to care Training and qualifications:  Registered on the appropriate part of the NMC register for the assignment Experience:  6 months relevant UK Hospital experience (ideally NHS) Registered on the appropriate part of the NMC register for the assignment If you are a Registered Mental Health Nurse (RMN) that meets the criteria above, then please do apply online with a copy of your most recent CV. Alternatively contact Benn Garbutt on **** **** ****" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00599.txt " Mental Health Nurse (RMN)  Bath" " 68537806" " MSI Nurses LTD" " MSI Nurses are currently looking to recruit qualified and experienced Registered Mental Health Nurses (RMN's) to work regular adhoc shifts in a local NHS Hospital based in Bath.We can offer competitive pay rates and have plenty of work available to suit your needs. Job Summary:  Caring for patients experiencing acute mental distress or who have an enduring mental illness  Assess patients, plans and implements care  Provide specialist advice and maintains associated records  Carry out specialist nursing procedures  Promote a recovery based approach to care Training and qualifications:  Registered on the appropriate part of the NMC register for the assignment Experience:  6 months relevant UK Hospital experience (ideally NHS) Registered on the appropriate part of the NMC register for the assignment If you are a Registered Mental Health Nurse (RMN) that meets the criteria above, then please do apply online with a copy of your most recent CV. Alternatively contact Benn Garbutt on **** **** ****" "['msi', 'nurses', 'recruit', 'qualified', 'experienced', 'registered', 'mental', 'health', 'nurses', ""rmn's"", 'regular', 'adhoc', 'shifts', 'local', 'nhs', 'hospital', 'bath', 'offer', 'competitive', 'pay', 'rates', 'plenty', 'suit', 'summary', 'caring', 'patients', 'experiencing', 'acute', 'mental', 'distress', 'enduring', 'mental', 'illness', 'assess', 'patients', 'plans', 'implements', 'specialist', 'advice', 'maintains', 'records', 'carry', 'specialist', 'nursing', 'procedures', 'promote', 'recovery', 'approach', 'qualifications', 'registered', 'part', 'nmc', 'register', 'assignment', 'months', 'relevant', 'hospital', 'ideally', 'nhs', 'registered', 'part', 'nmc', 'register', 'assignment', 'registered', 'mental', 'health', 'nurse', 'rmn', 'meets', 'criteria', 'online', 'copy', 'recent', 'cv', 'alternatively', 'contact', 'benn', 'garbutt']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Treasury Manager
Webindex: 69072950
Company: Communicate
Description: A brilliant opportunity has arisen within this great organisation for a Treasury Finance Manager to join a growing treasury team. Reporting in to the Deputy Treasurer the main focus of the role is ensuring that financing plans are in place for each business. The main accountabilities of the role are as follows. All areas around the development of treasury finance plans, including affiliate cash and borrowing plans, dividend plans and developing the annual financing plan for Board of Directors review. Responsible for managing treasury risk management policies and counterparty risk limits with all third party financial institutions. To be eligible for this role you must have experience of working in a similar role in a large corporate environment. An accountancy qualification is preferred, and strong systems skills are essential." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00371.txt " Treasury Manager" " 69072950" " Communicate" " A brilliant opportunity has arisen within this great organisation for a Treasury Finance Manager to join a growing treasury team. Reporting in to the Deputy Treasurer the main focus of the role is ensuring that financing plans are in place for each business. The main accountabilities of the role are as follows. All areas around the development of treasury finance plans, including affiliate cash and borrowing plans, dividend plans and developing the annual financing plan for Board of Directors review. Responsible for managing treasury risk management policies and counterparty risk limits with all third party financial institutions. To be eligible for this role you must have experience of working in a similar role in a large corporate environment. An accountancy qualification is preferred, and strong systems skills are essential." "['brilliant', 'arisen', 'great', 'organisation', 'treasury', 'finance', 'growing', 'treasury', 'reporting', 'deputy', 'main', 'focus', 'ensuring', 'financing', 'plans', 'place', 'main', 'accountabilities', 'areas', 'treasury', 'finance', 'plans', 'cash', 'plans', 'dividend', 'plans', 'developing', 'annual', 'financing', 'plan', 'board', 'directors', 'review', 'responsible', 'managing', 'treasury', 'risk', 'policies', 'counterparty', 'risk', 'limits', 'party', 'institutions', 'eligible', 'similar', 'large', 'corporate', 'environment', 'accountancy', 'qualification', 'preferred', 'essential']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Gas Meter Fitter
Webindex: 70218831
Company: Coyle Personnel
Description: Must live in OX/CV Postcodes We are looking for experienced gas metering or dual fuel engineers to support the meter installations programme, Gas only engineers will work towards being Duel Fuel capable. This means you will be installing and performing health and safety checks on various types of metering systems, data quality is a priority for our client and you will work closely with our programming teams to ensure information is accurate. Single fuel gas ****  Bonus / Dual fuel **** rising to ****  Bonus **** hours Monday to Friday 8 week rota, 1 Saturday, 1 week 8am 6pm Overtime paid at time or double time if you work a Sunday. Holiday entitlement is ****  8 days and increases with length of service Pension Company vehicle  fuel card Tools and equipment  Hand Held Terminal Uniform PPE You will receive a full company induction. To apply for these roles you must have a current ACS qualifications o CCN1  MET1 or CMA1/REGT1/MET**** o MET ****/TPCP1A  desirable. You must hold a valid full UK driving licence with a maximum of 6 points. A basic Disclosure CRB check will be required" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00070.txt " Gas Meter Fitter" " 70218831" " Coyle Personnel" " Must live in OX/CV Postcodes We are looking for experienced gas metering or dual fuel engineers to support the meter installations programme, Gas only engineers will work towards being Duel Fuel capable. This means you will be installing and performing health and safety checks on various types of metering systems, data quality is a priority for our client and you will work closely with our programming teams to ensure information is accurate. Single fuel gas ****  Bonus / Dual fuel **** rising to ****  Bonus **** hours Monday to Friday 8 week rota, 1 Saturday, 1 week 8am 6pm Overtime paid at time or double time if you work a Sunday. Holiday entitlement is ****  8 days and increases with length of service Pension Company vehicle  fuel card Tools and equipment  Hand Held Terminal Uniform PPE You will receive a full company induction. To apply for these roles you must have a current ACS qualifications o CCN1  MET1 or CMA1/REGT1/MET**** o MET ****/TPCP1A  desirable. You must hold a valid full UK driving licence with a maximum of 6 points. A basic Disclosure CRB check will be required" "['live', 'cv', 'experienced', 'gas', 'metering', 'dual', 'fuel', 'engineers', 'meter', 'installations', 'programme', 'gas', 'engineers', 'duel', 'fuel', 'capable', 'means', 'installing', 'performing', 'health', 'safety', 'checks', 'types', 'metering', 'data', 'quality', 'priority', 'closely', 'programming', 'teams', 'information', 'accurate', 'single', 'fuel', 'gas', 'bonus', 'dual', 'fuel', 'rising', 'bonus', 'hours', 'monday', 'friday', 'week', 'rota', 'saturday', 'week', 'pm', 'overtime', 'paid', 'time', 'double', 'time', 'sunday', 'holiday', 'entitlement', 'days', 'increases', 'length', 'pension', 'vehicle', 'fuel', 'card', 'tools', 'equipment', 'hand', 'held', 'uniform', 'ppe', 'receive', 'induction', 'roles', 'current', 'qualifications', 'ccn', 'met', 'met', 'met', 'desirable', 'hold', 'valid', 'driving', 'licence', 'maximum', 'points', 'basic', 'disclosure', 'crb', 'check']" Engineering
"Title: Senior Mechanical Contracts Manager
Webindex: 69171545
Company: Randstad CPE
Description: Senior Mechanical Contracts Manager needed for this established mechanical and pipefitting contractor in Kent. The business is an established contractor with a turnover of around ****5m a year. They have recently won a number of new contracts and are looking to recruit a Senior Mechanical Contracts Manager to run, and be involved with, projects up to the value of ****m. These may include Education, Hospitals, Data Centres and Commercial sectors. This individual will manage **** projects at any time and a team of engineering and supervisory staff. If you have leadership skills, along with an excellent paper reporting procedure then please apply. Reporting directly to the Managing Director, the successful candidate will be responsible for 'managing' the contract managers assigned to each project, as well as personally managing **** or 2 high profile projects himself/herself. The responsibilities of contract managers include the coordination of activities with the company's design and procurement teams, resourcing projects (both client personnel labour only/bone fide subcontractors), programming, quantity surveying/valuations and managing the client relationship. The installations team is currently under performing and they are seeking a dynamic, profit driven individual with an excellent skills set. This represents a challenge so potential candidates must be of a high calibre. Develop a suitable programme of works for the project and agree this with the client / main contractor (up date the programme to reflect agreed changes to the project lifecycle) Prepare a comprehensive Take Off of all pipe, fittings and valves etc to enable procurement to negotiate the most advantageous terms with merchants / manufacturers for proposed purchases Prior to the commencement of project works, ensure that site operatives and subcontractors understand the scope and programme of project works and all other associated matters (e.g. H S roles and responsibilities and company procedures) Organise, direct and control the project team, ensuring the works are carried out according to the underlying specification, to the agreed programme of works and to the required standards of workmanship We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorMechanicalContractsManager_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00133.txt " Senior Mechanical Contracts Manager" " 69171545" " Randstad CPE" " Senior Mechanical Contracts Manager needed for this established mechanical and pipefitting contractor in Kent. The business is an established contractor with a turnover of around ****5m a year. They have recently won a number of new contracts and are looking to recruit a Senior Mechanical Contracts Manager to run, and be involved with, projects up to the value of ****m. These may include Education, Hospitals, Data Centres and Commercial sectors. This individual will manage **** projects at any time and a team of engineering and supervisory staff. If you have leadership skills, along with an excellent paper reporting procedure then please apply. Reporting directly to the Managing Director, the successful candidate will be responsible for 'managing' the contract managers assigned to each project, as well as personally managing **** or 2 high profile projects himself/herself. The responsibilities of contract managers include the coordination of activities with the company's design and procurement teams, resourcing projects (both client personnel labour only/bone fide subcontractors), programming, quantity surveying/valuations and managing the client relationship. The installations team is currently under performing and they are seeking a dynamic, profit driven individual with an excellent skills set. This represents a challenge so potential candidates must be of a high calibre. Develop a suitable programme of works for the project and agree this with the client / main contractor (up date the programme to reflect agreed changes to the project lifecycle) Prepare a comprehensive Take Off of all pipe, fittings and valves etc to enable procurement to negotiate the most advantageous terms with merchants / manufacturers for proposed purchases Prior to the commencement of project works, ensure that site operatives and subcontractors understand the scope and programme of project works and all other associated matters (e.g. H S roles and responsibilities and company procedures) Organise, direct and control the project team, ensuring the works are carried out according to the underlying specification, to the agreed programme of works and to the required standards of workmanship We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorMechanicalContractsManager_job****" "['senior', 'mechanical', 'contracts', 'needed', 'established', 'mechanical', 'contractor', 'kent', 'established', 'contractor', 'turnover', 'year', 'recently', 'won', 'number', 'contracts', 'recruit', 'senior', 'mechanical', 'contracts', 'run', 'involved', 'projects', 'include', 'education', 'hospitals', 'data', 'centres', 'commercial', 'sectors', 'individual', 'manage', 'projects', 'time', 'supervisory', 'leadership', 'paper', 'reporting', 'procedure', 'reporting', 'directly', 'managing', 'director', 'responsible', 'managing', 'contract', 'managers', 'assigned', 'project', 'personally', 'managing', 'profile', 'projects', 'responsibilities', 'contract', 'managers', 'include', 'coordination', 'activities', ""company's"", 'procurement', 'teams', 'resourcing', 'projects', 'personnel', 'labour', 'subcontractors', 'programming', 'quantity', 'surveying', 'valuations', 'managing', 'relationship', 'installations', 'performing', 'seeking', 'dynamic', 'profit', 'driven', 'individual', 'set', 'represents', 'challenge', 'potential', 'candidates', 'calibre', 'develop', 'suitable', 'programme', 'works', 'project', 'agree', 'main', 'contractor', 'date', 'programme', 'reflect', 'agreed', 'project', 'lifecycle', 'prepare', 'comprehensive', 'pipe', 'fittings', 'valves', 'enable', 'procurement', 'negotiate', 'advantageous', 'terms', 'merchants', 'manufacturers', 'proposed', 'prior', 'project', 'works', 'site', 'operatives', 'subcontractors', 'understand', 'scope', 'programme', 'project', 'works', 'matters', 'roles', 'responsibilities', 'procedures', 'organise', 'direct', 'control', 'project', 'ensuring', 'works', 'carried', 'underlying', 'specification', 'agreed', 'programme', 'works', 'standards', 'workmanship', 'applications', 'candidates', 'ages', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'live', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: GRADUATE SALES EXECUTIVE / TRAINEE FIELD SALES
Webindex: 68062611
Company: BMS Graduates
Description: GRADUATE SALES EXECUTIVE / TRAINEE FIELD SALES Sector: Medical Services Location: East Midlands Benefits : **** Basic Plus **** Bonus and Company Car Multi Billion pound turnover Part of a global organisation Market leader in medical disposal services Excellent progression opportunities Structured sales training The Role: As a graduate sales executive you will be responsible for developing existing clients as well as prospecting for new accounts. You will be required to make face to face client visits into GPs, dentists and private businesses that have a need for the service. As a sales professional you will liaise with practice and business managers to develop relationships with them and negotiate the contract for the services this company provide. Due to the size of the organisation and the group, progression opportunities are fantastic. The Company: This multi million pound company, part of a global organisation, is the market leader in medical services. They are looking to recruit a competitive graduate with some commercial exposure to join their team as a sales professional. Responsibilities as a Graduate Sales Executive will include: Developing an existing client base Prospecting for new business Liaising with managers and owners For this Graduate Sales position, we are looking for individuals who meet the following criteria: Educated to degree level Some commercial exposure i.e. telesales, retail Excellent communication skills Strong relationship builder Career driven The Package for this Graduate sales role: **** Basic Plus **** bonus Company Car Mobile Laptop Other company benefits About BMS Graduate Recruitment LLP: We focus on helping future sales professionals to find graduate jobs and specifically graduates sales jobs. We specialise in graduate assessment, placement and sales training. Established in 1990, we've developed a strong brand, synonymous with graduate sales recruitment and sales training. We work with a prestigious client base of global companies and provide them with a range of services to ensure they attract, retain and develop the best graduate talent in the UK. Please visit our website at www.bmsgraduates.com or call Sharon Wright (Graduate Manager) on **** **** to discuss your job search. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GRADUATESALESEXECUTIVETRAINEEFIELDSALES_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00697.txt " GRADUATE SALES EXECUTIVE / TRAINEE FIELD SALES" " 68062611" " BMS Graduates" " GRADUATE SALES EXECUTIVE / TRAINEE FIELD SALES Sector: Medical Services Location: East Midlands Benefits : **** Basic Plus **** Bonus and Company Car Multi Billion pound turnover Part of a global organisation Market leader in medical disposal services Excellent progression opportunities Structured sales training The Role: As a graduate sales executive you will be responsible for developing existing clients as well as prospecting for new accounts. You will be required to make face to face client visits into GPs, dentists and private businesses that have a need for the service. As a sales professional you will liaise with practice and business managers to develop relationships with them and negotiate the contract for the services this company provide. Due to the size of the organisation and the group, progression opportunities are fantastic. The Company: This multi million pound company, part of a global organisation, is the market leader in medical services. They are looking to recruit a competitive graduate with some commercial exposure to join their team as a sales professional. Responsibilities as a Graduate Sales Executive will include: Developing an existing client base Prospecting for new business Liaising with managers and owners For this Graduate Sales position, we are looking for individuals who meet the following criteria: Educated to degree level Some commercial exposure i.e. telesales, retail Excellent communication skills Strong relationship builder Career driven The Package for this Graduate sales role: **** Basic Plus **** bonus Company Car Mobile Laptop Other company benefits About BMS Graduate Recruitment LLP: We focus on helping future sales professionals to find graduate jobs and specifically graduates sales jobs. We specialise in graduate assessment, placement and sales training. Established in 1990, we've developed a strong brand, synonymous with graduate sales recruitment and sales training. We work with a prestigious client base of global companies and provide them with a range of services to ensure they attract, retain and develop the best graduate talent in the UK. Please visit our website at www.bmsgraduates.com or call Sharon Wright (Graduate Manager) on **** **** to discuss your job search. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GRADUATESALESEXECUTIVETRAINEEFIELDSALES_job****" "['graduate', 'executive', 'trainee', 'field', 'sector', 'medical', 'location', 'east', 'midlands', 'benefits', 'basic', 'bonus', 'car', 'multi', 'billion', 'pound', 'turnover', 'part', 'global', 'organisation', 'market', 'leader', 'medical', 'disposal', 'progression', 'opportunities', 'structured', 'graduate', 'executive', 'responsible', 'developing', 'existing', 'prospecting', 'accounts', 'make', 'face', 'face', 'visits', 'gps', 'dentists', 'private', 'businesses', 'professional', 'liaise', 'practice', 'managers', 'develop', 'relationships', 'negotiate', 'contract', 'due', 'size', 'organisation', 'group', 'progression', 'opportunities', 'fantastic', 'multi', 'million', 'pound', 'part', 'global', 'organisation', 'market', 'leader', 'medical', 'recruit', 'competitive', 'graduate', 'commercial', 'exposure', 'professional', 'responsibilities', 'graduate', 'executive', 'include', 'developing', 'existing', 'base', 'prospecting', 'liaising', 'managers', 'owners', 'graduate', 'individuals', 'meet', 'criteria', 'educated', 'degree', 'level', 'commercial', 'exposure', 'telesales', 'retail', 'communication', 'relationship', 'career', 'driven', 'package', 'graduate', 'basic', 'bonus', 'car', 'mobile', 'laptop', 'benefits', 'bms', 'graduate', 'llp', 'focus', 'helping', 'future', 'professionals', 'find', 'graduate', 'jobs', 'specifically', 'graduates', 'jobs', 'specialise', 'graduate', 'assessment', 'placement', 'established', 'developed', 'brand', 'synonymous', 'graduate', 'prestigious', 'base', 'global', 'companies', 'range', 'attract', 'retain', 'develop', 'graduate', 'talent', 'visit', 'website', 'www', 'bmsgraduates', 'call', 'sharon', 'wright', 'graduate', 'discuss', 'search', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Workshop / Service Engineer
Webindex: 72690861
Company: Head Office
Description: ARE YOU A SKILLED AND EXPERIENCED DIESEL ENGINE SERVICE ENGINEER? Seeking Sevice Commissioning engineers, Large Diesel Gas Powered Systems. Marine Offshore based applications Mechanical Electrical **** Excellent Benefits" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00058.txt " Workshop / Service Engineer" " 72690861" " Head Office" " ARE YOU A SKILLED AND EXPERIENCED DIESEL ENGINE SERVICE ENGINEER? Seeking Sevice Commissioning engineers, Large Diesel Gas Powered Systems. Marine Offshore based applications Mechanical Electrical **** Excellent Benefits" "['skilled', 'experienced', 'diesel', 'engine', 'seeking', 'commissioning', 'engineers', 'large', 'diesel', 'gas', 'marine', 'offshore', 'applications', 'mechanical', 'electrical', 'benefits']" Engineering
"Title: RGN  C****ph  Preston  ****hours  Preston
Webindex: 68720237
Company: Populus Healthcare
Description: General Nurse  RGN  ****ph  Bamber Bridge  ****hours A fantastic opportunity has arisen for a general nurse to be part of a great team within a medium side nursing home. You will be working with Elderly residents. You will need to be a team player and be able to work and carry out duties on your own. They are looking for a dedicated member of staff that is reliable has great communication skills and will care for residents in a polite and patient manner at all times. Job essentials • Must be RGN Qualified • Must be aware of care standards • Great communication skills • Administering medication day to day basis • Keeping care plans up to date and fully documented • General day to day monitoring of the residents • Reliable and honest To apply or enquire please call Jacob Harman at Populus Consultants" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00451.txt " RGN  C****ph  Preston  ****hours  Preston" " 68720237" " Populus Healthcare" " General Nurse  RGN  ****ph  Bamber Bridge  ****hours A fantastic opportunity has arisen for a general nurse to be part of a great team within a medium side nursing home. You will be working with Elderly residents. You will need to be a team player and be able to work and carry out duties on your own. They are looking for a dedicated member of staff that is reliable has great communication skills and will care for residents in a polite and patient manner at all times. Job essentials • Must be RGN Qualified • Must be aware of care standards • Great communication skills • Administering medication day to day basis • Keeping care plans up to date and fully documented • General day to day monitoring of the residents • Reliable and honest To apply or enquire please call Jacob Harman at Populus Consultants" "['general', 'nurse', 'rgn', 'ph', 'bridge', 'hours', 'fantastic', 'arisen', 'general', 'nurse', 'part', 'great', 'medium', 'side', 'nursing', 'elderly', 'residents', 'player', 'carry', 'duties', 'dedicated', 'member', 'reliable', 'great', 'communication', 'residents', 'polite', 'patient', 'manner', 'times', 'essentials', 'rgn', 'qualified', 'aware', 'standards', 'great', 'communication', 'administering', 'medication', 'day', 'day', 'basis', 'keeping', 'plans', 'date', 'fully', 'documented', 'general', 'day', 'day', 'monitoring', 'residents', 'reliable', 'honest', 'enquire', 'call', 'consultants']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Plater
Webindex: 67441347
Company: DSD Manpower Service Ltd
Description: Experienced, timeserved plater required to work on pressure vessels and steelwork. Overtime after **** hours pw, **** ph Sundays **** ph. Immediate interview /start available This vacancy is covered by the Working Time Regulations. For advice on this regulation you should see the www.businesslink.gov.uk website or contact the Pay and Work Rights helpline. 07001700 Monday to Friday overtime at weekends." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00220.txt " Plater" " 67441347" " DSD Manpower Service Ltd" " Experienced, timeserved plater required to work on pressure vessels and steelwork. Overtime after **** hours pw, **** ph Sundays **** ph. Immediate interview /start available This vacancy is covered by the Working Time Regulations. For advice on this regulation you should see the www.businesslink.gov.uk website or contact the Pay and Work Rights helpline. 07001700 Monday to Friday overtime at weekends." "['experienced', 'timeserved', 'pressure', 'vessels', 'overtime', 'hours', 'pw', 'ph', 'sundays', 'ph', 'interview', 'start', 'vacancy', 'covered', 'time', 'regulations', 'advice', 'regulation', 'www', 'gov', 'website', 'contact', 'pay', 'rights', 'monday', 'friday', 'overtime', 'weekends']" Engineering
"Title: activities organiser
Webindex: 69146692
Company: Neuadd Drymau Residential Home
Description: The post is for an activities organiser to work in a family run care home for **** hours a week. The applicant will be expected to organise a range of activites for our service users, these would include inhouse activites such as arts and crafts, bingo, singalongs, themed events. The applicant would also be expected to arrange trips out to the cinema and the local pub, local places of interest etc, and arrange for entertainers to visit the home." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00608.txt " activities organiser" " 69146692" " Neuadd Drymau Residential Home" " The post is for an activities organiser to work in a family run care home for **** hours a week. The applicant will be expected to organise a range of activites for our service users, these would include inhouse activites such as arts and crafts, bingo, singalongs, themed events. The applicant would also be expected to arrange trips out to the cinema and the local pub, local places of interest etc, and arrange for entertainers to visit the home." "['post', 'activities', 'family', 'run', 'hours', 'week', 'applicant', 'expected', 'organise', 'range', 'activites', 'users', 'include', 'inhouse', 'activites', 'events', 'applicant', 'expected', 'arrange', 'cinema', 'local', 'local', 'places', 'interest', 'arrange', 'visit']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Pensions Administration Specialist
Webindex: 64602169
Company: Nestle
Description: Here at Nestle we are recruiting for an experineced Pension Administration specialist to join our pensiojn team at our head office in gatwick. Reporting into the Pension Administration Team Supervisor the Pensions Administration Specialist will play an integral role in administering the Company rsquo;s CARE and Defined Benefits pension arrangements ensuring a first class service is provided to all pension scheme members and beneficiaries. Key skills include: bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Accurately perform and check all types of benefit calculations whilst thoroughly understanding the theory. bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Assist with the implementation of agreed changes to the administration process and procedures. bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Provide members, potential members amp; beneficiaries with clear insight into the scheme benefits whilst providing outstanding customer service. bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Handle complex queries that come into the department in an efficient and timely manner. bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Provide clear advice and assistance to Human Resources and pension fund members in relation to day to day and complex matters. bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Provide coaching for junior members of the team and assist with queries that they may have on a daily basis. The Pensions Administration Specialist will ideally be progressing toward a professional qualification and have experience of pension administration systems whilst having a thorough knowledge of current pension legislation and pension administration including benefit calculations. You ll be selfmotivated and an excellent team player, with good communication and customer service skills. Having a result rsquo;s focused mind set whilst demonstrating proactive cooperation is imperative for success in this role. We offer all the benefits you would expect from the world rsquo;s largest food company including further professional pension qualifications that will support your development in this and future roles for the right individual. Benefits Include: bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; CARE or Defined Contribution pension provision. bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Flexible working. bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; 25 days holiday plus statutory amp; a further **** flexible working days. bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Flexible benefits . The closing date for applications for the Pensions Administration Specialist role is Wednesday 30th January, 2013.  Please note applications will be screened throughout the advertising process and suitable candidates will be interviewed before the closing date, so please do not hesitate to apply. nbsp;" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00251.txt " Pensions Administration Specialist" " 64602169" " Nestle" " Here at Nestle we are recruiting for an experineced Pension Administration specialist to join our pensiojn team at our head office in gatwick. Reporting into the Pension Administration Team Supervisor the Pensions Administration Specialist will play an integral role in administering the Company rsquo;s CARE and Defined Benefits pension arrangements ensuring a first class service is provided to all pension scheme members and beneficiaries. Key skills include: bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Accurately perform and check all types of benefit calculations whilst thoroughly understanding the theory. bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Assist with the implementation of agreed changes to the administration process and procedures. bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Provide members, potential members amp; beneficiaries with clear insight into the scheme benefits whilst providing outstanding customer service. bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Handle complex queries that come into the department in an efficient and timely manner. bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Provide clear advice and assistance to Human Resources and pension fund members in relation to day to day and complex matters. bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Provide coaching for junior members of the team and assist with queries that they may have on a daily basis. The Pensions Administration Specialist will ideally be progressing toward a professional qualification and have experience of pension administration systems whilst having a thorough knowledge of current pension legislation and pension administration including benefit calculations. You ll be selfmotivated and an excellent team player, with good communication and customer service skills. Having a result rsquo;s focused mind set whilst demonstrating proactive cooperation is imperative for success in this role. We offer all the benefits you would expect from the world rsquo;s largest food company including further professional pension qualifications that will support your development in this and future roles for the right individual. Benefits Include: bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; CARE or Defined Contribution pension provision. bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Flexible working. bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; 25 days holiday plus statutory amp; a further **** flexible working days. bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Flexible benefits . The closing date for applications for the Pensions Administration Specialist role is Wednesday 30th January, 2013.  Please note applications will be screened throughout the advertising process and suitable candidates will be interviewed before the closing date, so please do not hesitate to apply. nbsp;" "['recruiting', 'pension', 'administration', 'specialist', 'head', 'office', 'reporting', 'pension', 'administration', 'supervisor', 'pensions', 'administration', 'specialist', 'play', 'integral', 'administering', 'rsquo', 'defined', 'benefits', 'pension', 'arrangements', 'ensuring', 'class', 'provided', 'pension', 'scheme', 'members', 'beneficiaries', 'key', 'include', 'bull', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'accurately', 'perform', 'check', 'types', 'benefit', 'calculations', 'whilst', 'understanding', 'theory', 'bull', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'assist', 'implementation', 'agreed', 'administration', 'process', 'procedures', 'bull', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'members', 'potential', 'members', 'amp', 'beneficiaries', 'clear', 'insight', 'scheme', 'benefits', 'whilst', 'providing', 'outstanding', 'bull', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'handle', 'complex', 'queries', 'department', 'efficient', 'timely', 'manner', 'bull', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'clear', 'advice', 'assistance', 'human', 'resources', 'pension', 'fund', 'members', 'relation', 'day', 'day', 'complex', 'matters', 'bull', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'coaching', 'junior', 'members', 'assist', 'queries', 'daily', 'basis', 'pensions', 'administration', 'specialist', 'ideally', 'professional', 'qualification', 'pension', 'administration', 'whilst', 'current', 'pension', 'legislation', 'pension', 'administration', 'benefit', 'calculations', 'll', 'selfmotivated', 'player', 'communication', 'result', 'rsquo', 'focused', 'mind', 'set', 'whilst', 'demonstrating', 'proactive', 'cooperation', 'imperative', 'success', 'offer', 'benefits', 'expect', 'world', 'rsquo', 'largest', 'food', 'professional', 'pension', 'qualifications', 'future', 'roles', 'individual', 'benefits', 'include', 'bull', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'defined', 'contribution', 'pension', 'provision', 'bull', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'flexible', 'bull', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'days', 'holiday', 'statutory', 'amp', 'flexible', 'days', 'bull', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'flexible', 'benefits', 'closing', 'date', 'applications', 'pensions', 'administration', 'specialist', 'wednesday', 'january', 'note', 'applications', 'advertising', 'process', 'suitable', 'candidates', 'interviewed', 'closing', 'date', 'hesitate', 'nbsp']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Senior Software Test Development Engineer, Embedded, C, Cambs
Webindex: 69052698
Company: IC Software
Description: Senior Software Test Development Engineers are sought by this world leading wireless and consumer electronics developer based in Cambridge. You will be responsible for developing self  test software in C that will be used to test prototype and production software to ensure the integrity of the products. This software will be use from initial build and will be testing at hardware interface and embedded software level. You will have strong software development skills including C, a great knowledge of developing embedded software, full testing lifecycle knowledge and some exposure to electronic design (ability to read schematics, Verilog, analogue, RF). Any exposure to Matlab or IC production testing would be a benefit. On offer, excellent basic salary, full benefits including excellent bonus, great working environment and ongoing career prospects. For more information please contact me, Adrian Wagstaff, on **** **** or email me adrian.wagstafficsoftware.com Key Skills: Software, Test, Development, Embedded, C, Wireless, Bluetooth, Electronics, Cambridge IC Software  your first contact for Embedded, DSP & Software jobs." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00138.txt " Senior Software Test Development Engineer, Embedded, C, Cambs" " 69052698" " IC Software" " Senior Software Test Development Engineers are sought by this world leading wireless and consumer electronics developer based in Cambridge. You will be responsible for developing self  test software in C that will be used to test prototype and production software to ensure the integrity of the products. This software will be use from initial build and will be testing at hardware interface and embedded software level. You will have strong software development skills including C, a great knowledge of developing embedded software, full testing lifecycle knowledge and some exposure to electronic design (ability to read schematics, Verilog, analogue, RF). Any exposure to Matlab or IC production testing would be a benefit. On offer, excellent basic salary, full benefits including excellent bonus, great working environment and ongoing career prospects. For more information please contact me, Adrian Wagstaff, on **** **** or email me adrian.wagstafficsoftware.com Key Skills: Software, Test, Development, Embedded, C, Wireless, Bluetooth, Electronics, Cambridge IC Software  your first contact for Embedded, DSP & Software jobs." "['senior', 'software', 'test', 'engineers', 'sought', 'world', 'wireless', 'consumer', 'electronics', 'developer', 'cambridge', 'responsible', 'developing', 'test', 'software', 'test', 'prototype', 'production', 'software', 'integrity', 'products', 'software', 'initial', 'build', 'testing', 'hardware', 'interface', 'embedded', 'software', 'level', 'software', 'great', 'developing', 'embedded', 'software', 'testing', 'lifecycle', 'exposure', 'electronic', 'read', 'schematics', 'verilog', 'analogue', 'rf', 'exposure', 'matlab', 'ic', 'production', 'testing', 'benefit', 'offer', 'basic', 'benefits', 'bonus', 'great', 'environment', 'ongoing', 'career', 'prospects', 'information', 'contact', 'adrian', 'email', 'adrian', 'key', 'software', 'test', 'embedded', 'wireless', 'electronics', 'cambridge', 'ic', 'software', 'contact', 'embedded', 'dsp', 'software', 'jobs']" Engineering
"Title: Embedded Software Engineer  High Speed Networking
Webindex: 71230837
Company: Enterprise Recruitment Limited
Description: Embedded Software Engineer position with excellent benefits, a relaxed working environment and state of the art network technology projects. I can honestly say that their staff really love working there, are enthusiastic about the products and stay with the company long term. They are currently looking for both Senior and junior embedded software engineers to work on various areas at the heart of their system using a mix of C and C++. This may include working on the operating system interface, hardware bring up, clustering, protocols, storage, OS interface or the management interface. Suitable embedded software engineers must have strong embedded or kernel level C (ideally Object Orientated C++) and a relevant degree. For the more senior salary (****k) they would expect skills in at least one of: C++, Protocols, Networking, File Systems, Perl, TCP/IP, Linux development and package management, clustering architectures, file server protocols or previous work on a communications product. For a less experienced candidate they are willing to consider a junior embedded software engineer with good handson project experience. They are looking for embedded software engineers who are good at solving technical problems, self motivated and capable of articulating the essence of a new design.  Position: Embedded Software Engineer Location: Bracknell, Berkshire Salary: ****k Benefits: 12.5% bonus, 25 days holiday, Pension (5% rising to 7%), Medical Life and Health insurance. Key Skills: Embedded or Kernel level C Desirable skills: C++, Protocols, Networking, File Systems, Perl, IPv**** NetBIOS, UDP, Ethernet, Unix/Solaris/Linux/Windows, clustering architectures, file server protocols (CIFS/NFS/SMB) Apply: jamie AT enterpriserecruitment DOT com  If you don t fit this requirement exactly but are interested in this type of work please email a CV as we have other similar positions. I specialise in recruiting embedded software engineers for electronics and technology companies throughout the UK." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00106.txt " Embedded Software Engineer  High Speed Networking" " 71230837" " Enterprise Recruitment Limited" " Embedded Software Engineer position with excellent benefits, a relaxed working environment and state of the art network technology projects. I can honestly say that their staff really love working there, are enthusiastic about the products and stay with the company long term. They are currently looking for both Senior and junior embedded software engineers to work on various areas at the heart of their system using a mix of C and C++. This may include working on the operating system interface, hardware bring up, clustering, protocols, storage, OS interface or the management interface. Suitable embedded software engineers must have strong embedded or kernel level C (ideally Object Orientated C++) and a relevant degree. For the more senior salary (****k) they would expect skills in at least one of: C++, Protocols, Networking, File Systems, Perl, TCP/IP, Linux development and package management, clustering architectures, file server protocols or previous work on a communications product. For a less experienced candidate they are willing to consider a junior embedded software engineer with good handson project experience. They are looking for embedded software engineers who are good at solving technical problems, self motivated and capable of articulating the essence of a new design.  Position: Embedded Software Engineer Location: Bracknell, Berkshire Salary: ****k Benefits: 12.5% bonus, 25 days holiday, Pension (5% rising to 7%), Medical Life and Health insurance. Key Skills: Embedded or Kernel level C Desirable skills: C++, Protocols, Networking, File Systems, Perl, IPv**** NetBIOS, UDP, Ethernet, Unix/Solaris/Linux/Windows, clustering architectures, file server protocols (CIFS/NFS/SMB) Apply: jamie AT enterpriserecruitment DOT com  If you don t fit this requirement exactly but are interested in this type of work please email a CV as we have other similar positions. I specialise in recruiting embedded software engineers for electronics and technology companies throughout the UK." "['embedded', 'software', 'benefits', 'relaxed', 'environment', 'state', 'art', 'network', 'technology', 'projects', 'honestly', 'love', 'enthusiastic', 'products', 'stay', 'long', 'term', 'senior', 'junior', 'embedded', 'software', 'engineers', 'areas', 'heart', 'system', 'mix', 'include', 'operating', 'system', 'interface', 'hardware', 'bring', 'clustering', 'protocols', 'storage', 'interface', 'interface', 'suitable', 'embedded', 'software', 'engineers', 'embedded', 'kernel', 'level', 'ideally', 'object', 'orientated', 'relevant', 'degree', 'senior', 'expect', 'protocols', 'networking', 'file', 'perl', 'tcp', 'ip', 'linux', 'package', 'clustering', 'architectures', 'file', 'server', 'protocols', 'previous', 'communications', 'product', 'experienced', 'junior', 'embedded', 'software', 'handson', 'project', 'embedded', 'software', 'engineers', 'solving', 'technical', 'problems', 'motivated', 'capable', 'articulating', 'embedded', 'software', 'location', 'bracknell', 'berkshire', 'benefits', 'bonus', 'days', 'holiday', 'pension', 'rising', 'medical', 'life', 'health', 'insurance', 'key', 'embedded', 'kernel', 'level', 'desirable', 'protocols', 'networking', 'file', 'perl', 'ethernet', 'unix', 'linux', 'windows', 'clustering', 'architectures', 'file', 'server', 'protocols', 'jamie', 'dot', 'don', 'fit', 'requirement', 'interested', 'type', 'email', 'cv', 'similar', 'positions', 'specialise', 'recruiting', 'embedded', 'software', 'engineers', 'electronics', 'technology', 'companies']" Engineering
"Title: ELECTRICAL DESIGN ENGINEER CONTROL PANELS NORTH WEST
Webindex: 70608442
Company: Hawthorn Group
Description: ELECTRICAL DESIGN ENGINEER CONTROL PANELS NORTH WEST **** BASIC on experience  FLEXIBLE BENEFITS  PENSION  BUPA A well established and successful market leading European group manufacturing sustainable and renewable energy efficient solutions; our client is looking to recruit an additional electrical design engineer for their design team. This is a marvellous opportunity to join one of the North West success stories working in modern offices and world class manufacturing environment in a quality, people orientated business. As an electrical design engineer you will be office based in the modern North West office and production unit with occasional UK wide client site visits. Essentially your role will be to design the cable schedules/diagrams and power/control panels for new sustainable / renewable projects. Secondly you will provide ongoing updates and improvements to existing models/systems, liasing with panel manufacturers for technical support and panel improvements/updates. You will also be expected to work with production and assist with or test new power / control panel designs prior to final production and delivery to client. On site work will involve providing technical support and assisting with the possible commissioning of power / control panels on new project installations. We are seeking electrical control panel / automation design/application/project engineers with experience gained in designing control panels for any electro/mechanical application, machine controls for conveyers, packaging equipment, machinery in general, power generation, CHP, HVAC, building services or industrial process control. You should be competent with AutoCAD, ideally you will have gained an appreciation of LV/HV electrical distribution, cabling, motors, switchgear etc. Preferably you should be qualified to HNC/D in electrical / electronic engineering. For further information call Paul Wrigley on (Apply online only) To forward your curriculum vitae, please click on the apply button. THE HAWTHORN GROUP SPECIALIST RECRUITERS TO THE RENEWABLES AND POWER SECTOR IN THE UK FOR ENGINEERS, SALES AND MANAGEMENT TO BOARD LEVEL" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00079.txt " ELECTRICAL DESIGN ENGINEER CONTROL PANELS NORTH WEST" " 70608442" " Hawthorn Group" " ELECTRICAL DESIGN ENGINEER CONTROL PANELS NORTH WEST **** BASIC on experience  FLEXIBLE BENEFITS  PENSION  BUPA A well established and successful market leading European group manufacturing sustainable and renewable energy efficient solutions; our client is looking to recruit an additional electrical design engineer for their design team. This is a marvellous opportunity to join one of the North West success stories working in modern offices and world class manufacturing environment in a quality, people orientated business. As an electrical design engineer you will be office based in the modern North West office and production unit with occasional UK wide client site visits. Essentially your role will be to design the cable schedules/diagrams and power/control panels for new sustainable / renewable projects. Secondly you will provide ongoing updates and improvements to existing models/systems, liasing with panel manufacturers for technical support and panel improvements/updates. You will also be expected to work with production and assist with or test new power / control panel designs prior to final production and delivery to client. On site work will involve providing technical support and assisting with the possible commissioning of power / control panels on new project installations. We are seeking electrical control panel / automation design/application/project engineers with experience gained in designing control panels for any electro/mechanical application, machine controls for conveyers, packaging equipment, machinery in general, power generation, CHP, HVAC, building services or industrial process control. You should be competent with AutoCAD, ideally you will have gained an appreciation of LV/HV electrical distribution, cabling, motors, switchgear etc. Preferably you should be qualified to HNC/D in electrical / electronic engineering. For further information call Paul Wrigley on (Apply online only) To forward your curriculum vitae, please click on the apply button. THE HAWTHORN GROUP SPECIALIST RECRUITERS TO THE RENEWABLES AND POWER SECTOR IN THE UK FOR ENGINEERS, SALES AND MANAGEMENT TO BOARD LEVEL" "['electrical', 'control', 'panels', 'north', 'west', 'basic', 'flexible', 'benefits', 'pension', 'bupa', 'established', 'market', 'european', 'group', 'manufacturing', 'sustainable', 'renewable', 'energy', 'efficient', 'solutions', 'recruit', 'additional', 'electrical', 'north', 'west', 'success', 'stories', 'modern', 'offices', 'world', 'class', 'manufacturing', 'environment', 'quality', 'people', 'orientated', 'electrical', 'office', 'modern', 'north', 'west', 'office', 'production', 'unit', 'occasional', 'wide', 'site', 'visits', 'essentially', 'cable', 'schedules', 'diagrams', 'power', 'control', 'panels', 'sustainable', 'renewable', 'projects', 'ongoing', 'updates', 'improvements', 'existing', 'models', 'liasing', 'panel', 'manufacturers', 'technical', 'panel', 'improvements', 'updates', 'expected', 'production', 'assist', 'test', 'power', 'control', 'panel', 'designs', 'prior', 'final', 'production', 'delivery', 'site', 'involve', 'providing', 'technical', 'assisting', 'commissioning', 'power', 'control', 'panels', 'project', 'installations', 'seeking', 'electrical', 'control', 'panel', 'automation', 'application', 'project', 'engineers', 'gained', 'designing', 'control', 'panels', 'electro', 'mechanical', 'application', 'machine', 'controls', 'packaging', 'equipment', 'machinery', 'general', 'power', 'generation', 'hvac', 'building', 'industrial', 'process', 'control', 'competent', 'autocad', 'ideally', 'gained', 'appreciation', 'lv', 'hv', 'electrical', 'distribution', 'cabling', 'motors', 'switchgear', 'preferably', 'qualified', 'hnc', 'electrical', 'electronic', 'information', 'call', 'paul', 'online', 'forward', 'click', 'button', 'group', 'specialist', 'recruiters', 'power', 'sector', 'engineers', 'board', 'level']" Engineering
"Title: Requirements Engineer
Webindex: 72630989
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: As the Requirements Engineer, your role will be to support the production team in process managing at the same time as controlling all requirements for Western and Wales Infrastructure Projects works. While managing the requirements of the team you will be able to demonstrate that each project has an appropriate verified design, validated via the construction remit. Supporting the management of the route requirements through the design phases for each programme, you will provide the projects with technical specs for their contracts, providing traceability through design, construction and testing. Controlling the route requirements, this will allow analysis to be undertaken to identify gaps between those projects already specified and the new route requirements providing the client with a clear position. Your will also be responsible for change control and providing costs for both the client and the project. With extensive relevant experience in railway engineering, you will have a good understanding of specification, validation and verification of major railway schemes, coupled with an understanding of UK railway industry structure and relationships. Able to demonstrable experience of requirements management, requirements management tools and processes, and production of specifications, you will be experienced in major and multidisciplinary projects. You will be confident in both client and configuration management, at the same time as knowledgeable and experienced in the management of deviations to standards. The client is a national rail company, with projects across the South West Wales. In support of the introduction of new electrified rolling stock onto the UK network, the client has started a programme of electrifying existing routes. A part of this programme is the electrification of the Great Western mainline from Paddington to Swansea. Being an integral part of the Infrastructure Team, you will be rewarded with the chance to develop a long and rewarding career, within a company offering many career paths and opportunities. The client believes in investing in their staff, effectively training and developing their skill sets. You can expect a competitive salary and benefits, including a generous annual leave package, plus up to 75% discount on rail tickets.  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00036.txt " Requirements Engineer" " 72630989" " UKStaffsearch" " As the Requirements Engineer, your role will be to support the production team in process managing at the same time as controlling all requirements for Western and Wales Infrastructure Projects works. While managing the requirements of the team you will be able to demonstrate that each project has an appropriate verified design, validated via the construction remit. Supporting the management of the route requirements through the design phases for each programme, you will provide the projects with technical specs for their contracts, providing traceability through design, construction and testing. Controlling the route requirements, this will allow analysis to be undertaken to identify gaps between those projects already specified and the new route requirements providing the client with a clear position. Your will also be responsible for change control and providing costs for both the client and the project. With extensive relevant experience in railway engineering, you will have a good understanding of specification, validation and verification of major railway schemes, coupled with an understanding of UK railway industry structure and relationships. Able to demonstrable experience of requirements management, requirements management tools and processes, and production of specifications, you will be experienced in major and multidisciplinary projects. You will be confident in both client and configuration management, at the same time as knowledgeable and experienced in the management of deviations to standards. The client is a national rail company, with projects across the South West Wales. In support of the introduction of new electrified rolling stock onto the UK network, the client has started a programme of electrifying existing routes. A part of this programme is the electrification of the Great Western mainline from Paddington to Swansea. Being an integral part of the Infrastructure Team, you will be rewarded with the chance to develop a long and rewarding career, within a company offering many career paths and opportunities. The client believes in investing in their staff, effectively training and developing their skill sets. You can expect a competitive salary and benefits, including a generous annual leave package, plus up to 75% discount on rail tickets.  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business." "['requirements', 'production', 'process', 'managing', 'time', 'controlling', 'requirements', 'western', 'wales', 'infrastructure', 'projects', 'works', 'managing', 'requirements', 'demonstrate', 'project', 'verified', 'validated', 'construction', 'remit', 'supporting', 'route', 'requirements', 'phases', 'programme', 'projects', 'technical', 'contracts', 'providing', 'construction', 'testing', 'controlling', 'route', 'requirements', 'analysis', 'undertaken', 'identify', 'gaps', 'projects', 'route', 'requirements', 'providing', 'clear', 'responsible', 'change', 'control', 'providing', 'costs', 'project', 'extensive', 'relevant', 'railway', 'understanding', 'specification', 'validation', 'verification', 'major', 'railway', 'schemes', 'coupled', 'understanding', 'railway', 'industry', 'structure', 'relationships', 'demonstrable', 'requirements', 'requirements', 'tools', 'processes', 'production', 'specifications', 'experienced', 'major', 'multidisciplinary', 'projects', 'confident', 'configuration', 'time', 'knowledgeable', 'experienced', 'deviations', 'standards', 'national', 'rail', 'projects', 'south', 'west', 'wales', 'introduction', 'rolling', 'stock', 'network', 'started', 'programme', 'existing', 'routes', 'part', 'programme', 'great', 'western', 'paddington', 'swansea', 'integral', 'part', 'infrastructure', 'rewarded', 'chance', 'develop', 'long', 'rewarding', 'career', 'offering', 'career', 'paths', 'opportunities', 'believes', 'investing', 'effectively', 'developing', 'skill', 'sets', 'expect', 'competitive', 'benefits', 'generous', 'annual', 'leave', 'package', 'discount', 'rail', 'tickets', 'fusion', 'people', 'committed', 'promoting', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'people', 'age', 'gender', 'religion', 'belief', 'race', 'sexuality', 'disability', 'operate', 'employment', 'agency', 'employment']" Engineering
"Title: Dynamics AX Finance Consultant, ****k, Yorkshire
Webindex: 72200044
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Dynamics AX Finance Consultant, ****k plus benefits, Yorkshire Join one of the fastest growing AX Partners in the UK I require a Dynamics AX / AXAPTA Financial Consultant, preferably with a background in professional services, for a wellknown global firm, with major UK operations based in Yorkshire. My client is soon to begin one of the largest UK implementations of Dynamics AX2012 ever undertaken in the professional services sector and is known to be an extremely generous investor in staff. This is therefore an excellent opportunity to build a career with an exciting firm at the cutting edge of their industry whilst at the same time, gaining valuable experience of working with a company making a big impression across the market. My client has grown exponentially in the UK in recent years and now completely dominates it's marketplace. Along with offering an impressive range of products and services, the company also offers a highly personalised model of customer service that marks them out as one of the most progressive, clientfocused firms in Britain today. My client is now looking for a highlymotivated individual with good financial consultancy skills to join their handpicked AX team. The successful applicant for this role will be expected to have a strong grounding in AX financial consultancy. The position will be homebased with ocassional travel to the company's UK HQ in Yorkshire. The Financial Consultant MUST have:  Solid working experience of Dynamics AX / AXAPTA  ideally v2012 but other versions will be considered  An excellent grounding in Financials  Good organisational skills and the ability to direct a team to work to deadlines The Financial Consultant MAY have:  Experience of working in the professional services vertical Don't miss out on this once in a lifetime opportunity  my client is interviewing now Various remuneration packages are on offer depending on skills and experience but would include a generous basic salary and pension scheme as well as opportunities to earn very competitive bonuses. The holiday package is fantastic and there is free parking at the office To discuss in more detail please send your CV or call James McDonagh on N/A in complete confidence ASAP Due to the nature of this permanent role you MUST be able to live and work in the UK either by holding a full valid UK working visa or be eligible to do so by other means qualifying as my client is unable to sponsor any work permits Nigel Frank International is the leading Microsoft Dynamics recruitment firm in the UK, advertising more Dynamics AX / Axapta jobs than any other agency. We deal with both Microsoft Partners End Users throughout the UK and Europe and we have never had more live requirements Axapta jobs for Microsoft Dynamics professionals. Solely by specializing in placing candidates in the Microsoft Dynamics market I have built relationships with most of the key employers in the UK and have an unrivalled understanding of where the best opportunities Axapta jobs are. I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any Microsoft Dynamics candidates that are considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of course guaranteed. For information on the Microsoft Dynamics market and some of the opportunities Dynamics AX / Axapta jobs that are available I can be contacted on N/A or by email Please see (url removed) (url removed) or for more fantastic Microsoft Dynamics opportunities Key skills: MS Dynamics AX / AXAPTA / Business Systems Analyst / Project Management / Consultant / Developer / Cambridgeshire / Essex / Suffolk / Kent / Norfolk / Licolnshire / Leicestershire / Northamptonshire / Bedfordshire / Birmingham / London / Buckinghamshire / Oxfordshire / Yorkshire / Nottinghamshire / Cambridge / End user" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00326.txt " Dynamics AX Finance Consultant, ****k, Yorkshire" " 72200044" " UKStaffsearch" " Dynamics AX Finance Consultant, ****k plus benefits, Yorkshire Join one of the fastest growing AX Partners in the UK I require a Dynamics AX / AXAPTA Financial Consultant, preferably with a background in professional services, for a wellknown global firm, with major UK operations based in Yorkshire. My client is soon to begin one of the largest UK implementations of Dynamics AX2012 ever undertaken in the professional services sector and is known to be an extremely generous investor in staff. This is therefore an excellent opportunity to build a career with an exciting firm at the cutting edge of their industry whilst at the same time, gaining valuable experience of working with a company making a big impression across the market. My client has grown exponentially in the UK in recent years and now completely dominates it's marketplace. Along with offering an impressive range of products and services, the company also offers a highly personalised model of customer service that marks them out as one of the most progressive, clientfocused firms in Britain today. My client is now looking for a highlymotivated individual with good financial consultancy skills to join their handpicked AX team. The successful applicant for this role will be expected to have a strong grounding in AX financial consultancy. The position will be homebased with ocassional travel to the company's UK HQ in Yorkshire. The Financial Consultant MUST have:  Solid working experience of Dynamics AX / AXAPTA  ideally v2012 but other versions will be considered  An excellent grounding in Financials  Good organisational skills and the ability to direct a team to work to deadlines The Financial Consultant MAY have:  Experience of working in the professional services vertical Don't miss out on this once in a lifetime opportunity  my client is interviewing now Various remuneration packages are on offer depending on skills and experience but would include a generous basic salary and pension scheme as well as opportunities to earn very competitive bonuses. The holiday package is fantastic and there is free parking at the office To discuss in more detail please send your CV or call James McDonagh on N/A in complete confidence ASAP Due to the nature of this permanent role you MUST be able to live and work in the UK either by holding a full valid UK working visa or be eligible to do so by other means qualifying as my client is unable to sponsor any work permits Nigel Frank International is the leading Microsoft Dynamics recruitment firm in the UK, advertising more Dynamics AX / Axapta jobs than any other agency. We deal with both Microsoft Partners End Users throughout the UK and Europe and we have never had more live requirements Axapta jobs for Microsoft Dynamics professionals. Solely by specializing in placing candidates in the Microsoft Dynamics market I have built relationships with most of the key employers in the UK and have an unrivalled understanding of where the best opportunities Axapta jobs are. I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any Microsoft Dynamics candidates that are considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of course guaranteed. For information on the Microsoft Dynamics market and some of the opportunities Dynamics AX / Axapta jobs that are available I can be contacted on N/A or by email Please see (url removed) (url removed) or for more fantastic Microsoft Dynamics opportunities Key skills: MS Dynamics AX / AXAPTA / Business Systems Analyst / Project Management / Consultant / Developer / Cambridgeshire / Essex / Suffolk / Kent / Norfolk / Licolnshire / Leicestershire / Northamptonshire / Bedfordshire / Birmingham / London / Buckinghamshire / Oxfordshire / Yorkshire / Nottinghamshire / Cambridge / End user" "['dynamics', 'ax', 'finance', 'consultant', 'benefits', 'yorkshire', 'fastest', 'growing', 'ax', 'partners', 'require', 'dynamics', 'ax', 'axapta', 'consultant', 'preferably', 'background', 'professional', 'wellknown', 'global', 'firm', 'major', 'operations', 'yorkshire', 'begin', 'largest', 'implementations', 'dynamics', 'ax', 'undertaken', 'professional', 'sector', 'extremely', 'generous', 'investor', 'build', 'career', 'exciting', 'firm', 'cutting', 'edge', 'industry', 'whilst', 'time', 'gaining', 'valuable', 'making', 'big', 'impression', 'market', 'grown', 'recent', 'years', 'completely', 'marketplace', 'offering', 'impressive', 'range', 'products', 'offers', 'highly', 'personalised', 'model', 'progressive', 'firms', 'britain', 'today', 'individual', 'consultancy', 'handpicked', 'ax', 'applicant', 'expected', 'grounding', 'ax', 'consultancy', 'travel', ""company's"", 'hq', 'yorkshire', 'consultant', 'solid', 'dynamics', 'ax', 'axapta', 'ideally', 'considered', 'grounding', 'financials', 'organisational', 'direct', 'deadlines', 'consultant', 'professional', 'vertical', 'miss', 'lifetime', 'interviewing', 'remuneration', 'packages', 'offer', 'depending', 'include', 'generous', 'basic', 'pension', 'scheme', 'opportunities', 'earn', 'competitive', 'bonuses', 'holiday', 'package', 'fantastic', 'free', 'parking', 'office', 'discuss', 'detail', 'send', 'cv', 'call', 'james', 'complete', 'confidence', 'asap', 'due', 'nature', 'permanent', 'live', 'holding', 'valid', 'visa', 'eligible', 'means', 'qualifying', 'unable', 'permits', 'nigel', 'frank', 'international', 'microsoft', 'dynamics', 'firm', 'advertising', 'dynamics', 'ax', 'axapta', 'jobs', 'agency', 'deal', 'microsoft', 'partners', 'end', 'users', 'europe', 'live', 'requirements', 'axapta', 'jobs', 'microsoft', 'dynamics', 'professionals', 'solely', 'specializing', 'placing', 'candidates', 'microsoft', 'dynamics', 'market', 'built', 'relationships', 'key', 'employers', 'unrivalled', 'understanding', 'opportunities', 'axapta', 'jobs', 'understand', 'discretion', 'speak', 'microsoft', 'dynamics', 'candidates', 'career', 'future', 'confidentiality', 'guaranteed', 'information', 'microsoft', 'dynamics', 'market', 'opportunities', 'dynamics', 'ax', 'axapta', 'jobs', 'contacted', 'email', 'url', 'removed', 'url', 'removed', 'fantastic', 'microsoft', 'dynamics', 'opportunities', 'key', 'ms', 'dynamics', 'ax', 'axapta', 'analyst', 'project', 'consultant', 'developer', 'cambridgeshire', 'essex', 'suffolk', 'kent', 'norfolk', 'leicestershire', 'northamptonshire', 'bedfordshire', 'birmingham', 'london', 'buckinghamshire', 'oxfordshire', 'yorkshire', 'nottinghamshire', 'cambridge', 'end', 'user']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Band 6 Stroke Rehab
Webindex: 69783619
Company: The Placement Group
Description: We are looking for an experienced Band 6 occupational therapist with experience in Orthopaedics and Hand Therapy to work in a busy hospital in Cheshire. Start Date: 28th January 2013 Duration: 2 Months Hours: 37.5hrs per week JustOT benefits & Incentives scheme This is a rewarding locum role in which you will work with a dynamic team of occupational therapists, and varied patient group. For a full list of vacancies, please visit For further information please send your CV via the link below or contact the JustOT team directly on or via email  Refer a friend for this job and earn 200 cash" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00516.txt " Band 6 Stroke Rehab" " 69783619" " The Placement Group" " We are looking for an experienced Band 6 occupational therapist with experience in Orthopaedics and Hand Therapy to work in a busy hospital in Cheshire. Start Date: 28th January 2013 Duration: 2 Months Hours: 37.5hrs per week JustOT benefits & Incentives scheme This is a rewarding locum role in which you will work with a dynamic team of occupational therapists, and varied patient group. For a full list of vacancies, please visit For further information please send your CV via the link below or contact the JustOT team directly on or via email  Refer a friend for this job and earn 200 cash" "['experienced', 'band', 'occupational', 'therapist', 'orthopaedics', 'hand', 'therapy', 'busy', 'hospital', 'cheshire', 'start', 'date', 'january', 'duration', 'months', 'hours', 'hrs', 'week', 'justot', 'benefits', 'incentives', 'scheme', 'rewarding', 'locum', 'dynamic', 'occupational', 'therapists', 'varied', 'patient', 'group', 'list', 'vacancies', 'visit', 'information', 'send', 'cv', 'link', 'contact', 'justot', 'directly', 'email', 'refer', 'friend', 'earn', 'cash']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Commercial Director  Online
Webindex: 71171544
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Commercial Director  Online ****  ****  comm Our client, a prestigious shopping portal, is currently looking to add another member to their team under the title of Commercial Director. This is a great opportunity for the right candidate with the relevant experience, to join an expanding business within the online division. The responsibility of the Commercial Director will be to successfully manage and develop the sales team in order to increase revenue. In close conjunction to this, you will also be responsible for forming strategic partnerships as well as managing these partnerships. The ideal candidate for this role will have previous significant experience working within a similar role with an excellent knowledge of IPO's and strategising. You will have a solid ability to liaise and present at all levels. Ideally, you will come from a competitor and will have senior agency contacts at Head of Digital and Managing Director levels. Our client is keen to get on board an experienced, organised and determined individual who is a team player and who in turn, will help grow the business. If you believe this could be you, apply now. You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this role. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/CommercialDirectorOnline_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00638.txt " Commercial Director  Online" " 71171544" " Moriati Media UK Ltd" " Commercial Director  Online ****  ****  comm Our client, a prestigious shopping portal, is currently looking to add another member to their team under the title of Commercial Director. This is a great opportunity for the right candidate with the relevant experience, to join an expanding business within the online division. The responsibility of the Commercial Director will be to successfully manage and develop the sales team in order to increase revenue. In close conjunction to this, you will also be responsible for forming strategic partnerships as well as managing these partnerships. The ideal candidate for this role will have previous significant experience working within a similar role with an excellent knowledge of IPO's and strategising. You will have a solid ability to liaise and present at all levels. Ideally, you will come from a competitor and will have senior agency contacts at Head of Digital and Managing Director levels. Our client is keen to get on board an experienced, organised and determined individual who is a team player and who in turn, will help grow the business. If you believe this could be you, apply now. You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this role. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/CommercialDirectorOnline_job****" "['commercial', 'director', 'online', 'comm', 'prestigious', 'shopping', 'portal', 'add', 'member', 'title', 'commercial', 'director', 'great', 'relevant', 'expanding', 'online', 'division', 'responsibility', 'commercial', 'director', 'successfully', 'manage', 'develop', 'order', 'increase', 'revenue', 'close', 'conjunction', 'responsible', 'forming', 'strategic', 'partnerships', 'managing', 'partnerships', 'ideal', 'previous', 'significant', 'similar', 'solid', 'liaise', 'present', 'levels', 'ideally', 'competitor', 'senior', 'agency', 'contacts', 'head', 'digital', 'managing', 'director', 'levels', 'keen', 'board', 'experienced', 'organised', 'determined', 'individual', 'player', 'turn', 'grow', 'eligible', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'salestarget', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Maintenance Technician
Webindex: 68218566
Company: Randstad Construction, Property Engineering
Description: 2 Maintenance Technicians Required for Peterlee Summary of Main Duties All duties concerned with the installation, repair, development and maintenance of any machinery / assembly line equipment. All duties concerned with the installation, repair and maintenance of the factory buildings / ancillary equipment / fittings. Supervision of any Apprentices / Trainees / Work Experience Daily reporting of work completed Spare parts stock control and the reporting of requirements Cleanliness of the workshop / equipment and tools. Documenting and investigating root causes of machine breakdown on line sheets Availability for shift work / overtime / call out Exercise high standards of H To undertake any other duties as reasonably requested by the Company Undertake any other duties of which the responsibility, experience and skills required fall within the post holder s expected capabilities. Initial salary will be **** based on working **** hours whilst on training then moving onto **** plus 35% Shift Allowance. Experience RequiredAutomotive and or Electronics ExperienceInjection Moulding Experience Arburg being an advantage2 5 years in a similar roleWe welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00090.txt " Maintenance Technician" " 68218566" " Randstad Construction, Property Engineering" " 2 Maintenance Technicians Required for Peterlee Summary of Main Duties All duties concerned with the installation, repair, development and maintenance of any machinery / assembly line equipment. All duties concerned with the installation, repair and maintenance of the factory buildings / ancillary equipment / fittings. Supervision of any Apprentices / Trainees / Work Experience Daily reporting of work completed Spare parts stock control and the reporting of requirements Cleanliness of the workshop / equipment and tools. Documenting and investigating root causes of machine breakdown on line sheets Availability for shift work / overtime / call out Exercise high standards of H To undertake any other duties as reasonably requested by the Company Undertake any other duties of which the responsibility, experience and skills required fall within the post holder s expected capabilities. Initial salary will be **** based on working **** hours whilst on training then moving onto **** plus 35% Shift Allowance. Experience RequiredAutomotive and or Electronics ExperienceInjection Moulding Experience Arburg being an advantage2 5 years in a similar roleWe welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK" "['maintenance', 'technicians', 'summary', 'main', 'duties', 'duties', 'concerned', 'installation', 'repair', 'maintenance', 'machinery', 'assembly', 'line', 'equipment', 'duties', 'concerned', 'installation', 'repair', 'maintenance', 'factory', 'buildings', 'ancillary', 'equipment', 'fittings', 'supervision', 'trainees', 'daily', 'reporting', 'completed', 'spare', 'parts', 'stock', 'control', 'reporting', 'requirements', 'cleanliness', 'workshop', 'equipment', 'tools', 'documenting', 'investigating', 'root', 'machine', 'breakdown', 'line', 'sheets', 'availability', 'shift', 'overtime', 'call', 'exercise', 'standards', 'undertake', 'duties', 'requested', 'undertake', 'duties', 'responsibility', 'post', 'holder', 'expected', 'capabilities', 'initial', 'hours', 'whilst', 'moving', 'shift', 'allowance', 'electronics', 'moulding', 'advantage', 'years', 'similar', 'applications', 'candidates', 'ages', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'live']" Engineering
"Title: Sales Executive  Ford Dunfermline
Webindex: 69805267
Company: Vertu Motors Plc
Description: Sales Executive Ford Dunfermline **** basic salary, **** OTE with uncapped bonus, company benefits and Company Car Overview You will see from our website and our recent financial results that we are a rapidly becoming one of the Country's leading automotive retailers. We currently operate over **** franchised outlets throughout England and Scotland employing over **** people and have very strong relationships with the manufacturers we represent. We are the 7th largest retail motor group in the UK and will be expanding as we drive our business forward into 20********. We are very well placed in to achieve our growth and performance objectives and are constantly building our capacity to improve the business further. We have a clear vision to become recognised as the most progressive motor retailer and our Mission Statement is 'To deliver an outstanding customer motoring experience through honesty and trust.' We are committed to supporting our sales colleagues to achieve our vision and mission through the provision of continuous training, coaching and development. Our competitive advantage lies in the quality of people we employ, their ability to drive themselves to achieve targets and their capability to do so while following our defined sales process. Our strong marketing strategy and stocking practices provide an excellent opportunity for Sales colleagues to excel and earn well for performing well. In return we set clear targets and expectations and support colleagues fully to achieve them. With that in mind we are selective about who we employ and expect that they drive the sales business forward passionately and build trust with all our customers in line with our values. Our Company is successful and growing  now is the time to get involved if you possess energy, talent, attitude, character and a passion for achieving excellent CSI (Customer Satisfaction) results. Role Responsibilities The key responsibilities of this role are as follows: Customer Satisfaction (CSI): To build trust, communicate well and exceed customer satisfaction expectations and, where there is a manufacturer score to exceed their national average. To provide a servicebased experience to customers and make them feel the value of placing their custom with the Company. Maximising Opportunities: Maximising the opportunity to do business through prospecting, followingup prospects, handling inbound phone enquiries, walk in prospects and Internet enquiries and by developing the Customer Relationships through creating an effective first impression and to qualify the customer thoroughly in a professional and courteous manner of product presentation. In addition to gain referral business (Recommend a Friend). Maximising Profit: Through achieving the monthly targets, set by your Manager, for unit sales, profit per unit, finance penetration and addon products in a professional and honest manner. Data Quality and FSA Compliance: To accurately and vigorously collect all customer contact and vehicle data in order to maximise the quality and content of the customer database. Manage and maintain through the manager your Diary in line with Group strategy and to ensure that you adhere to the Company`s FSA obligations at all times. What we`re looking for We are currently looking for a very talented individual to join our Sales Team, selling a combination of new and/or used vehicles, with a wide range of finance and insurance products. You MUST be from the motor industry with a proven track record in sales and performance. What you also need is unlimited confidence, resilience, drive, energy and talent. You will be well presented with a desire, character and attitude to succeed. You will have the ability to quickly establish and build rapport. You will also possess a clean driving licence and either be FSA approved or willing to be trained. This role is **** hours plus per week, working between ****.30am until 7pm and includes weekends. We are looking for individuals who possess the following attributes: Are target driven Have good planning, Time Management and Organising Skills Literacy Numeracy Customer service orientated Good Communication Positive Attitude Strong Influencing Skills What You Can Expect If you are successful you can look forward to a guaranteed bonus for the first 3 month while we support you in your learning.: Weeks 1 to ****: **** guaranteed bonus per week. Weeks **** to 8: **** guaranteed bonus per week. Weeks **** to ****: **** guaranteed bonus per week. You can also expect ongoing training opportunities, career progression and a range of benefits you would expect from an employer of choice, including a competitive salary and performancerelated bonus, company car, childcare voucher scheme, share incentive plan, vertu rewards and pension scheme. If you are interested in joining the most progressive team in the industry please apply. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesExecutiveFordDunfermline_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00096.txt " Sales Executive  Ford Dunfermline" " 69805267" " Vertu Motors Plc" " Sales Executive Ford Dunfermline **** basic salary, **** OTE with uncapped bonus, company benefits and Company Car Overview You will see from our website and our recent financial results that we are a rapidly becoming one of the Country's leading automotive retailers. We currently operate over **** franchised outlets throughout England and Scotland employing over **** people and have very strong relationships with the manufacturers we represent. We are the 7th largest retail motor group in the UK and will be expanding as we drive our business forward into 20********. We are very well placed in to achieve our growth and performance objectives and are constantly building our capacity to improve the business further. We have a clear vision to become recognised as the most progressive motor retailer and our Mission Statement is 'To deliver an outstanding customer motoring experience through honesty and trust.' We are committed to supporting our sales colleagues to achieve our vision and mission through the provision of continuous training, coaching and development. Our competitive advantage lies in the quality of people we employ, their ability to drive themselves to achieve targets and their capability to do so while following our defined sales process. Our strong marketing strategy and stocking practices provide an excellent opportunity for Sales colleagues to excel and earn well for performing well. In return we set clear targets and expectations and support colleagues fully to achieve them. With that in mind we are selective about who we employ and expect that they drive the sales business forward passionately and build trust with all our customers in line with our values. Our Company is successful and growing  now is the time to get involved if you possess energy, talent, attitude, character and a passion for achieving excellent CSI (Customer Satisfaction) results. Role Responsibilities The key responsibilities of this role are as follows: Customer Satisfaction (CSI): To build trust, communicate well and exceed customer satisfaction expectations and, where there is a manufacturer score to exceed their national average. To provide a servicebased experience to customers and make them feel the value of placing their custom with the Company. Maximising Opportunities: Maximising the opportunity to do business through prospecting, followingup prospects, handling inbound phone enquiries, walk in prospects and Internet enquiries and by developing the Customer Relationships through creating an effective first impression and to qualify the customer thoroughly in a professional and courteous manner of product presentation. In addition to gain referral business (Recommend a Friend). Maximising Profit: Through achieving the monthly targets, set by your Manager, for unit sales, profit per unit, finance penetration and addon products in a professional and honest manner. Data Quality and FSA Compliance: To accurately and vigorously collect all customer contact and vehicle data in order to maximise the quality and content of the customer database. Manage and maintain through the manager your Diary in line with Group strategy and to ensure that you adhere to the Company`s FSA obligations at all times. What we`re looking for We are currently looking for a very talented individual to join our Sales Team, selling a combination of new and/or used vehicles, with a wide range of finance and insurance products. You MUST be from the motor industry with a proven track record in sales and performance. What you also need is unlimited confidence, resilience, drive, energy and talent. You will be well presented with a desire, character and attitude to succeed. You will have the ability to quickly establish and build rapport. You will also possess a clean driving licence and either be FSA approved or willing to be trained. This role is **** hours plus per week, working between ****.30am until 7pm and includes weekends. We are looking for individuals who possess the following attributes: Are target driven Have good planning, Time Management and Organising Skills Literacy Numeracy Customer service orientated Good Communication Positive Attitude Strong Influencing Skills What You Can Expect If you are successful you can look forward to a guaranteed bonus for the first 3 month while we support you in your learning.: Weeks 1 to ****: **** guaranteed bonus per week. Weeks **** to 8: **** guaranteed bonus per week. Weeks **** to ****: **** guaranteed bonus per week. You can also expect ongoing training opportunities, career progression and a range of benefits you would expect from an employer of choice, including a competitive salary and performancerelated bonus, company car, childcare voucher scheme, share incentive plan, vertu rewards and pension scheme. If you are interested in joining the most progressive team in the industry please apply. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesExecutiveFordDunfermline_job****" "['executive', 'ford', 'basic', 'ote', 'uncapped', 'bonus', 'benefits', 'car', 'overview', 'website', 'recent', 'results', 'rapidly', ""country's"", 'automotive', 'retailers', 'operate', 'outlets', 'england', 'scotland', 'employing', 'people', 'relationships', 'manufacturers', 'represent', 'largest', 'retail', 'motor', 'group', 'expanding', 'drive', 'forward', 'achieve', 'growth', 'performance', 'objectives', 'constantly', 'building', 'capacity', 'improve', 'clear', 'vision', 'recognised', 'progressive', 'motor', 'retailer', 'mission', 'statement', 'deliver', 'outstanding', 'motoring', 'honesty', 'trust', 'committed', 'supporting', 'colleagues', 'achieve', 'vision', 'mission', 'provision', 'continuous', 'coaching', 'competitive', 'advantage', 'quality', 'people', 'employ', 'drive', 'achieve', 'targets', 'capability', 'defined', 'process', 'marketing', 'strategy', 'practices', 'colleagues', 'excel', 'earn', 'performing', 'return', 'set', 'clear', 'targets', 'expectations', 'colleagues', 'fully', 'achieve', 'mind', 'employ', 'expect', 'drive', 'forward', 'passionately', 'build', 'trust', 'customers', 'line', 'values', 'growing', 'time', 'involved', 'possess', 'energy', 'talent', 'attitude', 'character', 'passion', 'achieving', 'csi', 'satisfaction', 'results', 'responsibilities', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'satisfaction', 'csi', 'build', 'trust', 'communicate', 'exceed', 'satisfaction', 'expectations', 'manufacturer', 'exceed', 'national', 'average', 'customers', 'make', 'feel', 'placing', 'custom', 'maximising', 'opportunities', 'maximising', 'prospecting', 'prospects', 'handling', 'inbound', 'phone', 'enquiries', 'walk', 'prospects', 'internet', 'enquiries', 'developing', 'relationships', 'creating', 'effective', 'impression', 'qualify', 'professional', 'manner', 'product', 'presentation', 'addition', 'gain', 'referral', 'recommend', 'friend', 'maximising', 'profit', 'achieving', 'monthly', 'targets', 'set', 'unit', 'profit', 'unit', 'finance', 'penetration', 'products', 'professional', 'honest', 'manner', 'data', 'quality', 'fsa', 'compliance', 'accurately', 'collect', 'contact', 'vehicle', 'data', 'order', 'maximise', 'quality', 'content', 'database', 'manage', 'maintain', 'diary', 'line', 'group', 'strategy', 'adhere', 'fsa', 'obligations', 'times', 'talented', 'individual', 'selling', 'combination', 'vehicles', 'wide', 'range', 'finance', 'insurance', 'products', 'motor', 'industry', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'performance', 'unlimited', 'confidence', 'resilience', 'drive', 'energy', 'talent', 'presented', 'desire', 'character', 'attitude', 'succeed', 'quickly', 'establish', 'build', 'rapport', 'possess', 'clean', 'driving', 'licence', 'fsa', 'approved', 'trained', 'hours', 'week', 'pm', 'includes', 'weekends', 'individuals', 'possess', 'attributes', 'target', 'driven', 'planning', 'time', 'organising', 'literacy', 'numeracy', 'orientated', 'communication', 'positive', 'attitude', 'influencing', 'expect', 'forward', 'guaranteed', 'bonus', 'month', 'learning', 'weeks', 'guaranteed', 'bonus', 'week', 'weeks', 'guaranteed', 'bonus', 'week', 'weeks', 'guaranteed', 'bonus', 'week', 'expect', 'ongoing', 'opportunities', 'career', 'progression', 'range', 'benefits', 'expect', 'employer', 'choice', 'competitive', 'performancerelated', 'bonus', 'car', 'childcare', 'voucher', 'scheme', 'share', 'incentive', 'plan', 'vertu', 'rewards', 'pension', 'scheme', 'interested', 'joining', 'progressive', 'industry', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Care Assistant Dartmoor
Webindex: 46627260
Description: Care Assistant Dartmoor, Devon PSP Healthcare Limited is looking for Care Assistant Job seekers in the Dartmoor area of Devon. We have six properties within Devon, Monmouth, and Frome, all of which provide permanent or short term care to individuals, based on each individuals need, ability and perspective. It's vital that we have the best team of care staff working with us to deliver and maintain the highest standards of care. We are looking for dynamic driven individuals to join our creative and innovative work force. The role itself involves assisting and supporting our residents in their day to day activities whilst maintaining their privacy and dignity. The benefits of working with a company who have gained numerous awards in care, and are one of the UK's fastest growing healthcare providers, include:  Becoming part of the PSP family where we aim to encourage mutual support to one another at all levels; People Supporting People  Benefit from corporate rates on your household insurance  Benefit from subsidised private healthcare  Flexible shift patterns including bank and parttime work  Staff accommodation  Use of state of the art equipment and facilities, with homes which include advanced mobility facilities, WiFi connectivity, hair and beauty salons with visiting therapists, various lounge and relaxation areas, accessible gardens, and even some with their own swimming pool and gym area I think PSP Healthcare is a great place to work, but don’t take my word for it, this is what our team say…………. Judith Arada “I have been with PSP for more than 2 years now and I feel that I really belong to a family. They supported me when I first arrived from the Philippines and assisted me even in finding my accommodation to help me be as comfortable as possible. Through the years they provided us with essential training for our professional growth. I’m very happy to have stayed with PSP because they have seen all my efforts and have promoted me to Senior Care. They have been my second family away from home.” Janette Buttress “I have worked for PSP for almost 3 years and in that time I have had the chance to visit all of their Care Homes, even the building projects PSP are always holding events, either work, training or play related – this helps employees from all the different Care Homes and Head Office get to know each other, creating a stronger and friendlier working environment throughout the company. I have been involved in the exciting opportunity of working in a newly built Care Village and enjoyed participating in building a warm, homely and friendly environment for both residents and staff. I am sure PSP will continue their journey of expansion and I hope to be along for the ride” Care Assistant Dartmoor, Devon" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00590.txt " Care Assistant Dartmoor" " 46627260"  " Care Assistant Dartmoor, Devon PSP Healthcare Limited is looking for Care Assistant Job seekers in the Dartmoor area of Devon. We have six properties within Devon, Monmouth, and Frome, all of which provide permanent or short term care to individuals, based on each individuals need, ability and perspective. It's vital that we have the best team of care staff working with us to deliver and maintain the highest standards of care. We are looking for dynamic driven individuals to join our creative and innovative work force. The role itself involves assisting and supporting our residents in their day to day activities whilst maintaining their privacy and dignity. The benefits of working with a company who have gained numerous awards in care, and are one of the UK's fastest growing healthcare providers, include:  Becoming part of the PSP family where we aim to encourage mutual support to one another at all levels; People Supporting People  Benefit from corporate rates on your household insurance  Benefit from subsidised private healthcare  Flexible shift patterns including bank and parttime work  Staff accommodation  Use of state of the art equipment and facilities, with homes which include advanced mobility facilities, WiFi connectivity, hair and beauty salons with visiting therapists, various lounge and relaxation areas, accessible gardens, and even some with their own swimming pool and gym area I think PSP Healthcare is a great place to work, but don’t take my word for it, this is what our team say…………. Judith Arada “I have been with PSP for more than 2 years now and I feel that I really belong to a family. They supported me when I first arrived from the Philippines and assisted me even in finding my accommodation to help me be as comfortable as possible. Through the years they provided us with essential training for our professional growth. I’m very happy to have stayed with PSP because they have seen all my efforts and have promoted me to Senior Care. They have been my second family away from home.” Janette Buttress “I have worked for PSP for almost 3 years and in that time I have had the chance to visit all of their Care Homes, even the building projects PSP are always holding events, either work, training or play related – this helps employees from all the different Care Homes and Head Office get to know each other, creating a stronger and friendlier working environment throughout the company. I have been involved in the exciting opportunity of working in a newly built Care Village and enjoyed participating in building a warm, homely and friendly environment for both residents and staff. I am sure PSP will continue their journey of expansion and I hope to be along for the ride” Care Assistant Dartmoor, Devon" "['assistant', 'dartmoor', 'devon', 'psp', 'healthcare', 'limited', 'assistant', 'seekers', 'dartmoor', 'area', 'devon', 'properties', 'devon', 'permanent', 'short', 'term', 'individuals', 'individuals', 'perspective', 'vital', 'deliver', 'maintain', 'highest', 'standards', 'dynamic', 'driven', 'individuals', 'creative', 'innovative', 'force', 'involves', 'assisting', 'supporting', 'residents', 'day', 'day', 'activities', 'whilst', 'maintaining', 'privacy', 'dignity', 'benefits', 'gained', 'numerous', 'awards', ""uk's"", 'fastest', 'growing', 'healthcare', 'providers', 'include', 'part', 'psp', 'family', 'aim', 'encourage', 'mutual', 'levels', 'people', 'supporting', 'people', 'benefit', 'corporate', 'rates', 'household', 'insurance', 'benefit', 'subsidised', 'private', 'healthcare', 'flexible', 'shift', 'patterns', 'bank', 'parttime', 'accommodation', 'state', 'art', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'homes', 'include', 'advanced', 'mobility', 'facilities', 'connectivity', 'hair', 'visiting', 'therapists', 'areas', 'accessible', 'gardens', 'swimming', 'pool', 'gym', 'area', 'psp', 'healthcare', 'great', 'place', 'don', 'word', 'psp', 'years', 'feel', 'family', 'supported', 'assisted', 'finding', 'accommodation', 'comfortable', 'years', 'provided', 'essential', 'professional', 'growth', 'happy', 'psp', 'efforts', 'promoted', 'senior', 'family', 'worked', 'psp', 'years', 'time', 'chance', 'visit', 'homes', 'building', 'projects', 'psp', 'holding', 'events', 'play', 'related', 'helps', 'employees', 'homes', 'head', 'office', 'creating', 'stronger', 'environment', 'involved', 'exciting', 'newly', 'built', 'village', 'enjoyed', 'participating', 'building', 'warm', 'homely', 'friendly', 'environment', 'residents', 'psp', 'continue', 'journey', 'expansion', 'assistant', 'dartmoor', 'devon']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Recruitment Branch Manager Birmingham
Webindex: 67332022
Company: Ruth Moran
Description: Recruitment Branch Manager Birmingham Basic salary ****k Car and commission OTE ****k. A superb opportunity to join an arm of a hugely successful business. Busy, established branch doing Social Care recruitment and whilst experience of working within a recruitment consultancy at management level is essential, knowledge of this sector isn't as the division is extremely well establishged. With a focusa on work life balcance, lovely offices and a supportive admin team this role is a dream For the right candidate there will be definitely be opportunity to progress up the management ladder. For further information please contact Ruth Moran, contact details on Ruth Moran Consulting website  lines open 8am9pm. You can also apply online. Please Call after 8am. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/RecruitmentBranchManagerBirmingham_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00723.txt " Recruitment Branch Manager Birmingham" " 67332022" " Ruth Moran" " Recruitment Branch Manager Birmingham Basic salary ****k Car and commission OTE ****k. A superb opportunity to join an arm of a hugely successful business. Busy, established branch doing Social Care recruitment and whilst experience of working within a recruitment consultancy at management level is essential, knowledge of this sector isn't as the division is extremely well establishged. With a focusa on work life balcance, lovely offices and a supportive admin team this role is a dream For the right candidate there will be definitely be opportunity to progress up the management ladder. For further information please contact Ruth Moran, contact details on Ruth Moran Consulting website  lines open 8am9pm. You can also apply online. Please Call after 8am. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/RecruitmentBranchManagerBirmingham_job****" "['branch', 'birmingham', 'basic', 'car', 'commission', 'ote', 'superb', 'arm', 'hugely', 'busy', 'established', 'branch', 'social', 'whilst', 'consultancy', 'level', 'essential', 'sector', 'division', 'extremely', 'life', 'lovely', 'offices', 'supportive', 'admin', 'dream', 'progress', 'ladder', 'information', 'contact', 'ruth', 'moran', 'contact', 'details', 'ruth', 'moran', 'consulting', 'website', 'lines', 'open', 'pm', 'online', 'call', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'salestarget', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Homecare Nurse HPN Therapies Manchester  Salford
Webindex: 70264328
Company: BUPA Home Healthcare
Description: Passionate about making lives better, Bupa is dedicated to clinical excellence  inspiring and supporting our nurses to put people at the heart of everything they do. That’s because with no shareholders to answer to, we’re free to concentrate on the needs of our patients. And so are you. Join us and you will be well looked after too, with a great range of benefits and professional development to help you build the kind of nursing career you’ve always wanted.What we expect from youYou are a Registered Nurse with an ENB998 or City and Guilds **** qualification and valid NMC PIN Number. You care about clinical excellence. You believe in the importance of the right things, done well. And you will thrive in a dynamic, fast paced environment.About the roleThe impact you will have on patients lives will go far beyond care  giving them independence, choice and privacy. You will get to know them, and their families, enabling you to follow personal care plans that really are as unique as every individual. You will take the lead in delivering medication, educating patients and maintaining high quality care documentation. You will be confident in reporting all activity, risks and issues to your line manager. You will be able to demonstrate your experience in the administration of IV antibiotics, TPN and of managing patients with central lines.This role is covering the Manchester, Wigan and wider North West region so mus be flexible to travel.You will have an acute ward or community nursing background, a current NMC registration and hold a full EU driving licence.About Bupa Home HealthcareWith ever increasing demands on NHS resources, home healthcare is becoming an important alternative. Bupa Home Healthcare provides everything you need in professional care and expert management. We help you maintain the highest standards of patient service whilst achieving those vital performance targets. We will constantly develop your skills, provide supervised practice and a career path that will help you progress your career further. We can also help you gain recognised qualifications. The role carries an attractive salary and benefits package.Be the Nurse you want to beWe are also looking for Nurses to join our bank. You will be given full training and regular work will be available including evenings, nights and weekends." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00445.txt " Homecare Nurse HPN Therapies Manchester  Salford" " 70264328" " BUPA Home Healthcare" " Passionate about making lives better, Bupa is dedicated to clinical excellence  inspiring and supporting our nurses to put people at the heart of everything they do. That’s because with no shareholders to answer to, we’re free to concentrate on the needs of our patients. And so are you. Join us and you will be well looked after too, with a great range of benefits and professional development to help you build the kind of nursing career you’ve always wanted.What we expect from youYou are a Registered Nurse with an ENB998 or City and Guilds **** qualification and valid NMC PIN Number. You care about clinical excellence. You believe in the importance of the right things, done well. And you will thrive in a dynamic, fast paced environment.About the roleThe impact you will have on patients lives will go far beyond care  giving them independence, choice and privacy. You will get to know them, and their families, enabling you to follow personal care plans that really are as unique as every individual. You will take the lead in delivering medication, educating patients and maintaining high quality care documentation. You will be confident in reporting all activity, risks and issues to your line manager. You will be able to demonstrate your experience in the administration of IV antibiotics, TPN and of managing patients with central lines.This role is covering the Manchester, Wigan and wider North West region so mus be flexible to travel.You will have an acute ward or community nursing background, a current NMC registration and hold a full EU driving licence.About Bupa Home HealthcareWith ever increasing demands on NHS resources, home healthcare is becoming an important alternative. Bupa Home Healthcare provides everything you need in professional care and expert management. We help you maintain the highest standards of patient service whilst achieving those vital performance targets. We will constantly develop your skills, provide supervised practice and a career path that will help you progress your career further. We can also help you gain recognised qualifications. The role carries an attractive salary and benefits package.Be the Nurse you want to beWe are also looking for Nurses to join our bank. You will be given full training and regular work will be available including evenings, nights and weekends." "['passionate', 'making', 'lives', 'bupa', 'dedicated', 'clinical', 'excellence', 'inspiring', 'supporting', 'nurses', 'put', 'people', 'heart', 'shareholders', 'answer', 'free', 'concentrate', 'patients', 'looked', 'great', 'range', 'benefits', 'professional', 'build', 'kind', 'nursing', 'career', 've', 'wanted', 'expect', 'registered', 'nurse', 'enb', 'city', 'guilds', 'qualification', 'valid', 'nmc', 'pin', 'number', 'clinical', 'excellence', 'importance', 'things', 'thrive', 'dynamic', 'fast', 'paced', 'environment', 'impact', 'patients', 'lives', 'giving', 'independence', 'choice', 'privacy', 'families', 'enabling', 'follow', 'personal', 'plans', 'unique', 'individual', 'lead', 'delivering', 'medication', 'patients', 'maintaining', 'quality', 'documentation', 'confident', 'reporting', 'activity', 'risks', 'issues', 'line', 'demonstrate', 'administration', 'iv', 'managing', 'patients', 'central', 'lines', 'covering', 'manchester', 'wigan', 'wider', 'north', 'west', 'region', 'flexible', 'travel', 'acute', 'ward', 'community', 'nursing', 'background', 'current', 'nmc', 'registration', 'hold', 'eu', 'driving', 'licence', 'bupa', 'increasing', 'demands', 'nhs', 'resources', 'healthcare', 'important', 'alternative', 'bupa', 'healthcare', 'professional', 'expert', 'maintain', 'highest', 'standards', 'patient', 'whilst', 'achieving', 'vital', 'performance', 'targets', 'constantly', 'develop', 'supervised', 'practice', 'career', 'path', 'progress', 'career', 'gain', 'recognised', 'qualifications', 'carries', 'attractive', 'benefits', 'package', 'nurse', 'nurses', 'bank', 'regular', 'evenings', 'nights', 'weekends']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Risk Manager
Webindex: 69805538
Company: IRM Solutions.
Description: Leading Banking organisation has an excellent opportunity for a Risk Manager to develop a rewarding career. Job Purpose Ensure that the bank maintains and operates a comprehensive risk management culture. Work alongside the Head of Risk to monitor the risk environment of the Bank. Specific duties Maintain a risk management plan. Support the business in identifying and managing risk and issues within business areas that may deflect from delivery of objectives. Conduct Risk evaluation, which involves comparing estimated risks with criteria established by by the bank Liaison with senior management, with all matters concerning risk management. Identify and assess threats. Assist the Financial Officer in providing information for the Financial Services Authority for regulatory reporting (i.e. ICAAP) and resolution of issues Experience Required The type of person required for this role is an internal auditor with banking experience who is willing to take on this risk role. As it is an operational risk role it is not much of a stretch for an internal auditor. Applicants will have to assess risks and controls, and conduct risk audits, you will also have to be able however to quantify risks in terms of probability, impact and capital requirements. It is a genuinely in demand role in banking and will enhance an auditor’s cv significantly (also you will have the opportunity to take risk qualifications). The basic salary is negotiable in the ****k region  Bonus  Benefits This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RiskManager_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00416.txt " Risk Manager" " 69805538" " IRM Solutions." " Leading Banking organisation has an excellent opportunity for a Risk Manager to develop a rewarding career. Job Purpose Ensure that the bank maintains and operates a comprehensive risk management culture. Work alongside the Head of Risk to monitor the risk environment of the Bank. Specific duties Maintain a risk management plan. Support the business in identifying and managing risk and issues within business areas that may deflect from delivery of objectives. Conduct Risk evaluation, which involves comparing estimated risks with criteria established by by the bank Liaison with senior management, with all matters concerning risk management. Identify and assess threats. Assist the Financial Officer in providing information for the Financial Services Authority for regulatory reporting (i.e. ICAAP) and resolution of issues Experience Required The type of person required for this role is an internal auditor with banking experience who is willing to take on this risk role. As it is an operational risk role it is not much of a stretch for an internal auditor. Applicants will have to assess risks and controls, and conduct risk audits, you will also have to be able however to quantify risks in terms of probability, impact and capital requirements. It is a genuinely in demand role in banking and will enhance an auditor’s cv significantly (also you will have the opportunity to take risk qualifications). The basic salary is negotiable in the ****k region  Bonus  Benefits This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RiskManager_job****" "['banking', 'organisation', 'risk', 'develop', 'rewarding', 'career', 'purpose', 'bank', 'maintains', 'operates', 'comprehensive', 'risk', 'culture', 'alongside', 'head', 'risk', 'monitor', 'risk', 'environment', 'bank', 'specific', 'duties', 'maintain', 'risk', 'plan', 'identifying', 'managing', 'risk', 'issues', 'areas', 'delivery', 'objectives', 'conduct', 'risk', 'evaluation', 'involves', 'estimated', 'risks', 'criteria', 'established', 'bank', 'liaison', 'senior', 'matters', 'risk', 'identify', 'assess', 'assist', 'officer', 'providing', 'information', 'authority', 'regulatory', 'reporting', 'icaap', 'resolution', 'issues', 'type', 'person', 'internal', 'auditor', 'banking', 'risk', 'operational', 'risk', 'internal', 'auditor', 'applicants', 'assess', 'risks', 'controls', 'conduct', 'risk', 'audits', 'risks', 'terms', 'probability', 'impact', 'capital', 'requirements', 'genuinely', 'demand', 'banking', 'enhance', 'auditor', 'cv', 'significantly', 'risk', 'qualifications', 'basic', 'negotiable', 'region', 'bonus', 'benefits', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Design Engineer, Special Purpose  Immediate Start
Webindex: 69080512
Company: JJ FOX
Description: Job title: Design Engineer, ****D CAD, Special Purpose, Processing Equipment  Immediate Start jjFOX is currently recruiting a Design Engineer to join a successful manufacturing company in its busy Drawing Office based near St Neots. The company is looking for a dynamic engineer ready to take on a challenge designing a wide range of special purpose machinery, equipment and whole mechanical systems. You will have experience in designing and specifying processing equipment (food, pharmaceuticals, packaging or similar). You will also be responsible to produce calculations relating to stress analysis and further experience in pneumatics would be an advantage. You will have experience of manufacturing processes gained on the shop floor or through education (HNC or higher) with exposure to fabrication, welding, milling turning or related. The successful with be fully conversant in AutoCAD and a ****D CAD package ideally Inventor but similar software will be considered. The company offers a dynamic working environment with a steady flow of projects and the latest CAD software and large manufacturing facilities. The position is offered on a permanent basis with an expected salary circa **** with ideally an immediate start. If interested, please submit your application without delay or call Megane at jjFOX for more information: **** Email : megh[at]jjFOX[dot]com Keywords: design engineer, draughting, draftsperson, special purpose machinery, processing equipment, pumps, valves, mechanical system, calculations, ****D CAD, AutoCAD, Inventor, milling, turning, fabrication, welding, stress analysis, machine shop, Cambridgeshire, Bedfordshire, St Neots" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00181.txt " Design Engineer, Special Purpose  Immediate Start" " 69080512" " JJ FOX" " Job title: Design Engineer, ****D CAD, Special Purpose, Processing Equipment  Immediate Start jjFOX is currently recruiting a Design Engineer to join a successful manufacturing company in its busy Drawing Office based near St Neots. The company is looking for a dynamic engineer ready to take on a challenge designing a wide range of special purpose machinery, equipment and whole mechanical systems. You will have experience in designing and specifying processing equipment (food, pharmaceuticals, packaging or similar). You will also be responsible to produce calculations relating to stress analysis and further experience in pneumatics would be an advantage. You will have experience of manufacturing processes gained on the shop floor or through education (HNC or higher) with exposure to fabrication, welding, milling turning or related. The successful with be fully conversant in AutoCAD and a ****D CAD package ideally Inventor but similar software will be considered. The company offers a dynamic working environment with a steady flow of projects and the latest CAD software and large manufacturing facilities. The position is offered on a permanent basis with an expected salary circa **** with ideally an immediate start. If interested, please submit your application without delay or call Megane at jjFOX for more information: **** Email : megh[at]jjFOX[dot]com Keywords: design engineer, draughting, draftsperson, special purpose machinery, processing equipment, pumps, valves, mechanical system, calculations, ****D CAD, AutoCAD, Inventor, milling, turning, fabrication, welding, stress analysis, machine shop, Cambridgeshire, Bedfordshire, St Neots" "['title', 'cad', 'special', 'purpose', 'processing', 'equipment', 'start', 'jjfox', 'recruiting', 'manufacturing', 'busy', 'drawing', 'office', 'st', 'neots', 'dynamic', 'ready', 'challenge', 'designing', 'wide', 'range', 'special', 'purpose', 'machinery', 'equipment', 'mechanical', 'designing', 'processing', 'equipment', 'food', 'pharmaceuticals', 'packaging', 'similar', 'responsible', 'produce', 'calculations', 'relating', 'stress', 'analysis', 'pneumatics', 'advantage', 'manufacturing', 'processes', 'gained', 'shop', 'floor', 'education', 'hnc', 'higher', 'exposure', 'fabrication', 'welding', 'milling', 'turning', 'related', 'fully', 'conversant', 'autocad', 'cad', 'package', 'ideally', 'inventor', 'similar', 'software', 'considered', 'offers', 'dynamic', 'environment', 'flow', 'projects', 'latest', 'cad', 'software', 'large', 'manufacturing', 'facilities', 'offered', 'permanent', 'basis', 'expected', 'circa', 'ideally', 'start', 'interested', 'submit', 'application', 'delay', 'call', 'jjfox', 'information', 'email', 'jjfox', 'dot', 'keywords', 'special', 'purpose', 'machinery', 'processing', 'equipment', 'pumps', 'valves', 'mechanical', 'system', 'calculations', 'cad', 'autocad', 'inventor', 'milling', 'turning', 'fabrication', 'welding', 'stress', 'analysis', 'machine', 'shop', 'cambridgeshire', 'bedfordshire', 'st', 'neots']" Engineering
"Title: ****x Business Development Executive  ******** – Theale
Webindex: 68608728
Company: Penguin Recruitment Ltd
Description: ****x Business Development Executive  ********  Theale Penguin Recruitment is currently recruiting for one of the world's leading suppliers of IT Security Services in to the Public Sector, Large Enterprise and BlueChip clients throughout mainland Europe and beyond. Partnered with global brands including Microsoft, Blue Coat, Cisco, Check Point, McAfee and many more, our client is able to provide awardwinning solutions specifically tailored to their client's every requirement. Our client is now seeking 2x Business Development Executives to join their thriving UK Acquisition Business Team as part of aggressive and continual development of their European sales compliment. The role of the Business Development Executive will be to proactively and consultatively identify new business opportunities and crack in to new business territories to add to the organisation's thriving client base. Business Development Executives will be telephonebased therefore it is essential you have a strong telephone manner as well as successful track record in IT Sales, ideally selling IT Security products. This role provides the ideal opportunity for individuals to take the next step in their IT Sales career and join an organisation that is keen to invest professionally and financially in their staff. Therefore it is essential that all applicants have the passion, drive and hunger to perform a high volume of calls a day and boast a strong and resilient character to manage activities of new business development. Candidate Requirements: It is essential that all candidates have a minimum of 2:**** classification in a business or ITrelated degree and have a passion to develop in IT Sales A minimum of 12 years IT Telemarketing/Telesales/Account Management/Sales Executive experience working for an IT Reseller, Marketing Agency, Distributor, Vendor or Systems Integrator A successful and demonstrable track record in new business/coldcalling sales A proactive yet consultative sales approach Genuine desire to develop in to an Account Management/Team Leader or Field Sales role Commutable distance to Theale Ideally a UK's Drivers Licence however this is not essential Total Remuneration: Starting Salary of ******** Realistic OnTargetEarnings of **** Contributory Pension BUPA Private Healthcare Life Insurance 25 Days Holiday Free Parking Sales Training (Accredited) Product Training (Accredited) Systems Training Please email a copy of your CV to nav.shokerpenguinrecruitment.co.uk or alternatively call Nav Shoker on **** **** **** for more information. Suitable Job Titles: Internal Sales, Sales Executive, Account Executive, Telesales, Account Manager, Sales Advisor, Sales Consultant, IT Sales, Graduate Sales, Telesales Executive, Sales Executive, Telemarketing Executive Commutable Locations: Wokingham, Basingstoke, Fleet, Aldershot, Oxford, Newbury, Reading, Bracknell, Maidenhead, Slough, Berkshire, Hampshire, Southampton, Basingstoke, Fareham, Portsmouth, Eastleigh, Winchester, Salisbury, Waterlooville, Havant, Andover, Romsey, Netley, Stubbington, Fordingbridge, Alton, Bordon, Petersfield" 3 data/Sales\Job_00679.txt " ****x Business Development Executive  ******** – Theale" " 68608728" " Penguin Recruitment Ltd" " ****x Business Development Executive  ********  Theale Penguin Recruitment is currently recruiting for one of the world's leading suppliers of IT Security Services in to the Public Sector, Large Enterprise and BlueChip clients throughout mainland Europe and beyond. Partnered with global brands including Microsoft, Blue Coat, Cisco, Check Point, McAfee and many more, our client is able to provide awardwinning solutions specifically tailored to their client's every requirement. Our client is now seeking 2x Business Development Executives to join their thriving UK Acquisition Business Team as part of aggressive and continual development of their European sales compliment. The role of the Business Development Executive will be to proactively and consultatively identify new business opportunities and crack in to new business territories to add to the organisation's thriving client base. Business Development Executives will be telephonebased therefore it is essential you have a strong telephone manner as well as successful track record in IT Sales, ideally selling IT Security products. This role provides the ideal opportunity for individuals to take the next step in their IT Sales career and join an organisation that is keen to invest professionally and financially in their staff. Therefore it is essential that all applicants have the passion, drive and hunger to perform a high volume of calls a day and boast a strong and resilient character to manage activities of new business development. Candidate Requirements: It is essential that all candidates have a minimum of 2:**** classification in a business or ITrelated degree and have a passion to develop in IT Sales A minimum of 12 years IT Telemarketing/Telesales/Account Management/Sales Executive experience working for an IT Reseller, Marketing Agency, Distributor, Vendor or Systems Integrator A successful and demonstrable track record in new business/coldcalling sales A proactive yet consultative sales approach Genuine desire to develop in to an Account Management/Team Leader or Field Sales role Commutable distance to Theale Ideally a UK's Drivers Licence however this is not essential Total Remuneration: Starting Salary of ******** Realistic OnTargetEarnings of **** Contributory Pension BUPA Private Healthcare Life Insurance 25 Days Holiday Free Parking Sales Training (Accredited) Product Training (Accredited) Systems Training Please email a copy of your CV to nav.shokerpenguinrecruitment.co.uk or alternatively call Nav Shoker on **** **** **** for more information. Suitable Job Titles: Internal Sales, Sales Executive, Account Executive, Telesales, Account Manager, Sales Advisor, Sales Consultant, IT Sales, Graduate Sales, Telesales Executive, Sales Executive, Telemarketing Executive Commutable Locations: Wokingham, Basingstoke, Fleet, Aldershot, Oxford, Newbury, Reading, Bracknell, Maidenhead, Slough, Berkshire, Hampshire, Southampton, Basingstoke, Fareham, Portsmouth, Eastleigh, Winchester, Salisbury, Waterlooville, Havant, Andover, Romsey, Netley, Stubbington, Fordingbridge, Alton, Bordon, Petersfield" "['executive', 'theale', 'penguin', 'recruiting', ""world's"", 'suppliers', 'security', 'public', 'sector', 'large', 'enterprise', 'bluechip', 'europe', 'global', 'brands', 'microsoft', 'blue', 'cisco', 'check', 'point', 'awardwinning', 'solutions', 'specifically', 'tailored', ""client's"", 'requirement', 'seeking', 'executives', 'thriving', 'acquisition', 'part', 'aggressive', 'continual', 'european', 'executive', 'proactively', 'identify', 'opportunities', 'territories', 'add', ""organisation's"", 'thriving', 'base', 'executives', 'telephonebased', 'essential', 'telephone', 'manner', 'track', 'record', 'ideally', 'selling', 'security', 'products', 'ideal', 'individuals', 'step', 'career', 'organisation', 'keen', 'invest', 'professionally', 'financially', 'essential', 'applicants', 'passion', 'drive', 'hunger', 'perform', 'volume', 'calls', 'day', 'boast', 'resilient', 'character', 'manage', 'activities', 'requirements', 'essential', 'candidates', 'minimum', 'classification', 'degree', 'passion', 'develop', 'minimum', 'years', 'telemarketing', 'telesales', 'account', 'executive', 'reseller', 'marketing', 'agency', 'distributor', 'vendor', 'integrator', 'demonstrable', 'track', 'record', 'coldcalling', 'proactive', 'consultative', 'approach', 'genuine', 'desire', 'develop', 'account', 'leader', 'field', 'commutable', 'distance', 'theale', 'ideally', ""uk's"", 'drivers', 'licence', 'essential', 'total', 'remuneration', 'starting', 'realistic', 'contributory', 'pension', 'bupa', 'private', 'healthcare', 'life', 'insurance', 'days', 'holiday', 'free', 'parking', 'accredited', 'product', 'accredited', 'email', 'copy', 'cv', 'nav', 'alternatively', 'call', 'nav', 'information', 'suitable', 'titles', 'internal', 'executive', 'account', 'executive', 'telesales', 'account', 'advisor', 'consultant', 'graduate', 'telesales', 'executive', 'executive', 'telemarketing', 'executive', 'commutable', 'locations', 'wokingham', 'basingstoke', 'fleet', 'oxford', 'newbury', 'reading', 'bracknell', 'maidenhead', 'slough', 'berkshire', 'hampshire', 'southampton', 'basingstoke', 'fareham', 'portsmouth', 'eastleigh', 'winchester', 'salisbury', 'waterlooville']" Sales
"Title: Fundraiser
Webindex: 68180459
Company: Real Fundraising
Description: We have an exciting opportunity for a Door to Door Fundraiser to join our team working in Manchester paying up to **** per hour depending on performance. If you have a genuine passion for the values and work of charities such as WWF, Amnesty International, Cancer Research UK and have bundles of energy and confidence this could be the perfect career for you. Live locally ****ph to ****ph (basic)  performance related bonuses Paid holiday pay Excellent management development programmes Paid training Paid weekly (every Friday) DO YOU DRIVE? Car allowance is offered to anyone driving a team. Fantastic, sociable and fun team atmosphere Get paid to make a difference We have an industry leading Team Leader academy that regularly turns out good quality Team Leaders with all levels of experience. In this role you will be given continual training and support whilst out on the street and we will help you take your team leading career to the next level whilst helping you gain invaluable management techniques and skills to help you further your career in the charity sector. This role may be great for someone who has previously worked as: Charity Fundraiser, Customer service, Sales, Telesales, Administration, Sales Assistant, Marketing executive, Waiter, Bartender, Promotions, PR, Call Centre executive, Marketing. Commutable from : Sale, Altringham, Bolton, Leigh, Oldham, Rochdale, Stockport, Warrington, St.Helens and Bury. Due to legislation we are unable to take on any team members under 18 years of age" 3 data/Sales\Job_00766.txt " Fundraiser" " 68180459" " Real Fundraising" " We have an exciting opportunity for a Door to Door Fundraiser to join our team working in Manchester paying up to **** per hour depending on performance. If you have a genuine passion for the values and work of charities such as WWF, Amnesty International, Cancer Research UK and have bundles of energy and confidence this could be the perfect career for you. Live locally ****ph to ****ph (basic)  performance related bonuses Paid holiday pay Excellent management development programmes Paid training Paid weekly (every Friday) DO YOU DRIVE? Car allowance is offered to anyone driving a team. Fantastic, sociable and fun team atmosphere Get paid to make a difference We have an industry leading Team Leader academy that regularly turns out good quality Team Leaders with all levels of experience. In this role you will be given continual training and support whilst out on the street and we will help you take your team leading career to the next level whilst helping you gain invaluable management techniques and skills to help you further your career in the charity sector. This role may be great for someone who has previously worked as: Charity Fundraiser, Customer service, Sales, Telesales, Administration, Sales Assistant, Marketing executive, Waiter, Bartender, Promotions, PR, Call Centre executive, Marketing. Commutable from : Sale, Altringham, Bolton, Leigh, Oldham, Rochdale, Stockport, Warrington, St.Helens and Bury. Due to legislation we are unable to take on any team members under 18 years of age" "['exciting', 'door', 'door', 'fundraiser', 'manchester', 'paying', 'hour', 'depending', 'performance', 'genuine', 'passion', 'values', 'charities', 'international', 'cancer', 'research', 'energy', 'confidence', 'perfect', 'career', 'live', 'locally', 'ph', 'ph', 'basic', 'performance', 'related', 'bonuses', 'paid', 'holiday', 'pay', 'programmes', 'paid', 'paid', 'weekly', 'friday', 'drive', 'car', 'allowance', 'offered', 'driving', 'fantastic', 'sociable', 'fun', 'atmosphere', 'paid', 'make', 'difference', 'industry', 'leader', 'academy', 'regularly', 'turns', 'quality', 'leaders', 'levels', 'continual', 'whilst', 'street', 'career', 'level', 'whilst', 'helping', 'gain', 'techniques', 'career', 'charity', 'sector', 'great', 'previously', 'worked', 'charity', 'fundraiser', 'telesales', 'administration', 'assistant', 'marketing', 'executive', 'promotions', 'pr', 'call', 'centre', 'executive', 'marketing', 'commutable', 'sale', 'leigh', 'oldham', 'stockport', 'warrington', 'st', 'bury', 'due', 'legislation', 'unable', 'members', 'years', 'age']" Sales
"Title: Contract Mechanical Development Engineer – Solidworks
Webindex: 71469076
Company: Redline Group
Description: The Redline Group are currently seeking an experienced Contract Mechanical Development Engineer – SolidWorks to create ****D SolidWorks designs along with electrical design schemes which will support product development activities from concept to prototype and manufacture. You will be based near Newmarket, Suffolk and play a pivotal role in bringing this new range of electrical switching and circuit protection devices to market. Position Overview – Mechanical Development Engineer – Solidworks An experienced electromechanical design/development engineer Experience of taking new product developments from concept to production Solid Works strongly preferred Knowledge of small mechanical mechanism design Sheet metal and plastics (injection moulding and metal stamping) Knowledge of coil winding for transformers, solenoids, etc is an distinct advantage An understanding of electrical circuits and electrical principles Familiarity with basic magnetics Experience in design for manufacture and assembly (DFM) Understanding of the use of common design tools such as FMEA’s, the writing of product specifications and the translation into manufacturing documents The ability to design and build prototypes in plastic and metal with an awareness of the common methods used Experience with interfacing with customers and suppliers About You: Degree qualified in mechanical design engineering or similar Extensive exposure to SolidWorks Substantial experience in design and development and DFM in small teams Ability to provide substantial design input, taking ownership for product advancement. Ideally experience in the field of circuit breakers or similar For more information or to apply for the Mechanical Development Engineer – Solidworks please contact Daniel on [blocked] or Dsaddiredlinegroup.Com quoting reference number DWS****/****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00085.txt " Contract Mechanical Development Engineer – Solidworks" " 71469076" " Redline Group" " The Redline Group are currently seeking an experienced Contract Mechanical Development Engineer – SolidWorks to create ****D SolidWorks designs along with electrical design schemes which will support product development activities from concept to prototype and manufacture. You will be based near Newmarket, Suffolk and play a pivotal role in bringing this new range of electrical switching and circuit protection devices to market. Position Overview – Mechanical Development Engineer – Solidworks An experienced electromechanical design/development engineer Experience of taking new product developments from concept to production Solid Works strongly preferred Knowledge of small mechanical mechanism design Sheet metal and plastics (injection moulding and metal stamping) Knowledge of coil winding for transformers, solenoids, etc is an distinct advantage An understanding of electrical circuits and electrical principles Familiarity with basic magnetics Experience in design for manufacture and assembly (DFM) Understanding of the use of common design tools such as FMEA’s, the writing of product specifications and the translation into manufacturing documents The ability to design and build prototypes in plastic and metal with an awareness of the common methods used Experience with interfacing with customers and suppliers About You: Degree qualified in mechanical design engineering or similar Extensive exposure to SolidWorks Substantial experience in design and development and DFM in small teams Ability to provide substantial design input, taking ownership for product advancement. Ideally experience in the field of circuit breakers or similar For more information or to apply for the Mechanical Development Engineer – Solidworks please contact Daniel on [blocked] or Dsaddiredlinegroup.Com quoting reference number DWS****/****" "['group', 'seeking', 'experienced', 'contract', 'mechanical', 'solidworks', 'create', 'solidworks', 'designs', 'electrical', 'schemes', 'product', 'activities', 'concept', 'prototype', 'manufacture', 'newmarket', 'suffolk', 'play', 'pivotal', 'bringing', 'range', 'electrical', 'switching', 'circuit', 'protection', 'devices', 'market', 'overview', 'mechanical', 'solidworks', 'experienced', 'electromechanical', 'taking', 'product', 'developments', 'concept', 'production', 'solid', 'works', 'strongly', 'preferred', 'small', 'mechanical', 'mechanism', 'sheet', 'metal', 'plastics', 'injection', 'moulding', 'metal', 'transformers', 'distinct', 'advantage', 'understanding', 'electrical', 'circuits', 'electrical', 'principles', 'familiarity', 'basic', 'manufacture', 'assembly', 'dfm', 'understanding', 'common', 'tools', 'writing', 'product', 'specifications', 'translation', 'manufacturing', 'documents', 'build', 'prototypes', 'plastic', 'metal', 'awareness', 'common', 'methods', 'interfacing', 'customers', 'suppliers', 'degree', 'qualified', 'mechanical', 'similar', 'extensive', 'exposure', 'solidworks', 'substantial', 'dfm', 'small', 'teams', 'substantial', 'input', 'taking', 'ownership', 'product', 'advancement', 'ideally', 'field', 'circuit', 'similar', 'information', 'mechanical', 'solidworks', 'contact', 'daniel', 'blocked', 'quoting', 'reference', 'number']" Engineering
"Title: Part Time Sales Assistant
Webindex: 71082952
Company: Goodfellow and Steven
Description: Applicants must be aware of the importance of providing an excellent standard of customer service as well as having a high standard of personal and workplace hygiene. The position involves customer service,advising customers of promotions and special offers,cash handling,stock rotation,baking off savouries,merchandising,cleaning duties. Previous retail experience is preferred but training will be provided,especially as this position involves full training to provide support to the Manager and Assistant Manager to help manage the branch on the Manager's days off and holidays, therefore we are looking for someone who is fully flexible. We provide a uniform and ****0% staff discount. Hours will be a minimum of 30 hours between 7.30am and ****.00pm . over 4 days, which will include every Saturday. Applicants should go to the branch for an application form or apply in writing to Ms S Orrock, Goodfellow Steven,**** Gray Street,Dundee DD5 2BP" 3 data/Sales\Job_00726.txt " Part Time Sales Assistant" " 71082952" " Goodfellow and Steven" " Applicants must be aware of the importance of providing an excellent standard of customer service as well as having a high standard of personal and workplace hygiene. The position involves customer service,advising customers of promotions and special offers,cash handling,stock rotation,baking off savouries,merchandising,cleaning duties. Previous retail experience is preferred but training will be provided,especially as this position involves full training to provide support to the Manager and Assistant Manager to help manage the branch on the Manager's days off and holidays, therefore we are looking for someone who is fully flexible. We provide a uniform and ****0% staff discount. Hours will be a minimum of 30 hours between 7.30am and ****.00pm . over 4 days, which will include every Saturday. Applicants should go to the branch for an application form or apply in writing to Ms S Orrock, Goodfellow Steven,**** Gray Street,Dundee DD5 2BP" "['applicants', 'aware', 'importance', 'providing', 'standard', 'standard', 'personal', 'workplace', 'hygiene', 'involves', 'advising', 'customers', 'promotions', 'special', 'offers', 'cash', 'handling', 'stock', 'baking', 'merchandising', 'cleaning', 'duties', 'previous', 'retail', 'preferred', 'provided', 'involves', 'assistant', 'manage', 'branch', 'days', 'holidays', 'fully', 'flexible', 'uniform', 'discount', 'hours', 'minimum', 'hours', 'pm', 'days', 'include', 'saturday', 'applicants', 'branch', 'application', 'form', 'writing', 'ms', 'steven', 'street', 'dundee']" Sales
"Title: Fixed Income Portfolio Analyst
Webindex: 69564390
Company: Mason Blake Ltd
Description: This is a newly created position will involve daily interaction with portfolio managers and traders to ensure timely and accurate execution of investment strategies across client portfolios. The role is entailing the day to day management of the portfolio including rebalancing cash in the portfolio, market price movements and benchmark changes. The successful candidate will have:Strong knowledge of fixed income marketsStrong academic background; ideally with a mathematical or financial related degree from a top tier universityStrong quantitative and numerical skills, with extensive knowledge of ExcelProfessional qualifications such as CFA will be hugely advantageous Mason Blake acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. Mason Blake is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications regardless of sex, marital status, ethnic origin, sexual orientation, religious belief or age." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00414.txt " Fixed Income Portfolio Analyst" " 69564390" " Mason Blake Ltd" " This is a newly created position will involve daily interaction with portfolio managers and traders to ensure timely and accurate execution of investment strategies across client portfolios. The role is entailing the day to day management of the portfolio including rebalancing cash in the portfolio, market price movements and benchmark changes. The successful candidate will have:Strong knowledge of fixed income marketsStrong academic background; ideally with a mathematical or financial related degree from a top tier universityStrong quantitative and numerical skills, with extensive knowledge of ExcelProfessional qualifications such as CFA will be hugely advantageous Mason Blake acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. Mason Blake is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications regardless of sex, marital status, ethnic origin, sexual orientation, religious belief or age." "['newly', 'created', 'involve', 'daily', 'interaction', 'portfolio', 'managers', 'traders', 'timely', 'accurate', 'execution', 'investment', 'strategies', 'portfolios', 'day', 'day', 'portfolio', 'cash', 'portfolio', 'market', 'price', 'movements', 'fixed', 'income', 'academic', 'background', 'ideally', 'mathematical', 'related', 'degree', 'top', 'tier', 'quantitative', 'numerical', 'extensive', 'qualifications', 'hugely', 'advantageous', 'mason', 'blake', 'acts', 'employment', 'agency', 'permanent', 'employment', 'supply', 'temporary', 'workers', 'mason', 'blake', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer', 'welcomes', 'applications', 'sex', 'marital', 'status', 'ethnic', 'origin', 'sexual', 'orientation', 'religious', 'belief', 'age']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Head of Decision Support
Webindex: 69858761
Description: An exciting opportunity has arisen for a CCAB qualified, senior finance professional to join this listed financial services organisation based in Surrey. You will head up a FP A team of 7, with 4 direct reports and will be responsible for providing commercial support and analyses to the business. As finance business partner you and your team will work closely with the senior management teams to provide commercial finance support and analyses for activities which develops initiatives for the strategic development, growth and profitability of the business. You will lead the design, development and implemention of business models to critically assess the business s cashflow generation and valueadd opportunities in a flexible and challenging manner. It is essential that you challenge, follow and verify the correct governance process for all business requests, including business cases , interim funding and ongoing programme update. Providing a framework to ensure that the business successfully realises business case benefits and progress reported or corrective actions taken. The Head of Decision Support will manage the production of the annual plan/budget, forecasts and longerterm plans, implementing appropriate monitoring, analytics and review processes to facilitate the delivery of the plan. Undertake and coordinate other adhoc financial initiatives, assessments and investigations in support of the Finance and Strategy Director Retail as required. The vacancy has arisen due to internal promotion." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00264.txt " Head of Decision Support" " 69858761"  " An exciting opportunity has arisen for a CCAB qualified, senior finance professional to join this listed financial services organisation based in Surrey. You will head up a FP A team of 7, with 4 direct reports and will be responsible for providing commercial support and analyses to the business. As finance business partner you and your team will work closely with the senior management teams to provide commercial finance support and analyses for activities which develops initiatives for the strategic development, growth and profitability of the business. You will lead the design, development and implemention of business models to critically assess the business s cashflow generation and valueadd opportunities in a flexible and challenging manner. It is essential that you challenge, follow and verify the correct governance process for all business requests, including business cases , interim funding and ongoing programme update. Providing a framework to ensure that the business successfully realises business case benefits and progress reported or corrective actions taken. The Head of Decision Support will manage the production of the annual plan/budget, forecasts and longerterm plans, implementing appropriate monitoring, analytics and review processes to facilitate the delivery of the plan. Undertake and coordinate other adhoc financial initiatives, assessments and investigations in support of the Finance and Strategy Director Retail as required. The vacancy has arisen due to internal promotion." "['exciting', 'arisen', 'ccab', 'qualified', 'senior', 'finance', 'professional', 'listed', 'organisation', 'surrey', 'head', 'fp', 'direct', 'reports', 'responsible', 'providing', 'commercial', 'analyses', 'finance', 'partner', 'closely', 'senior', 'teams', 'commercial', 'finance', 'analyses', 'activities', 'develops', 'initiatives', 'strategic', 'growth', 'profitability', 'lead', 'models', 'assess', 'cashflow', 'generation', 'opportunities', 'flexible', 'challenging', 'manner', 'essential', 'challenge', 'follow', 'verify', 'correct', 'governance', 'process', 'requests', 'cases', 'interim', 'funding', 'ongoing', 'programme', 'update', 'providing', 'framework', 'successfully', 'case', 'benefits', 'progress', 'reported', 'corrective', 'actions', 'head', 'decision', 'manage', 'production', 'annual', 'plan', 'budget', 'forecasts', 'longerterm', 'plans', 'implementing', 'monitoring', 'analytics', 'review', 'processes', 'facilitate', 'delivery', 'plan', 'undertake', 'coordinate', 'adhoc', 'initiatives', 'assessments', 'investigations', 'finance', 'strategy', 'director', 'retail', 'vacancy', 'arisen', 'due', 'internal', 'promotion']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Data Services Manager
Webindex: 71808636
Company: Ashe Consulting
Description: This multi award winning third party administrator has a need for a Data Services Manager to join their well respected team on an **** month fixed term contract. The Events team is part of the Pension Administration department and ensures the effective delivery of key events in the pension scheme calendar to their clients. The role of Data Services Manager will be to lead and manage this team which, are responsible for the effective delivery of client data and business improvement projects and also client events. The events managed by the team include pension increases, updating of valuation data and the annual benefit statements. The team manages the lifecycle of such projects ensuring deadlines are met; first class quality is maintained and that they are managed effectively. To be considered for this role you must have previous experience of Pensions Administration, excellent interpersonal skills and a desire to succeed in a team who are focused on delivering superb customer service. You will need advanced experience in Excel and data analysis with excellent communication and organisational skills. Strong leadership and people management skills are essential as well as having strong planning, analytical and project management skills. This is an excellent opportunity for an individual looking for the next step in their career. nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Ashe Consulting is an Executive Search amp; Selection firm specialising in Financial Services Recruitment focusing primarily on the London and the South East area. Areas of expertise include Actuarial, Investments, Group Risk amp; Healthcare, Employee Benefits, InHouse Pension Schemes, Third Party Pensions Administrators / Consultancies, Pensions Software amp; Systems amp; Pensions Payroll / Accounts. nbsp;" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00312.txt " Data Services Manager" " 71808636" " Ashe Consulting" " This multi award winning third party administrator has a need for a Data Services Manager to join their well respected team on an **** month fixed term contract. The Events team is part of the Pension Administration department and ensures the effective delivery of key events in the pension scheme calendar to their clients. The role of Data Services Manager will be to lead and manage this team which, are responsible for the effective delivery of client data and business improvement projects and also client events. The events managed by the team include pension increases, updating of valuation data and the annual benefit statements. The team manages the lifecycle of such projects ensuring deadlines are met; first class quality is maintained and that they are managed effectively. To be considered for this role you must have previous experience of Pensions Administration, excellent interpersonal skills and a desire to succeed in a team who are focused on delivering superb customer service. You will need advanced experience in Excel and data analysis with excellent communication and organisational skills. Strong leadership and people management skills are essential as well as having strong planning, analytical and project management skills. This is an excellent opportunity for an individual looking for the next step in their career. nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Ashe Consulting is an Executive Search amp; Selection firm specialising in Financial Services Recruitment focusing primarily on the London and the South East area. Areas of expertise include Actuarial, Investments, Group Risk amp; Healthcare, Employee Benefits, InHouse Pension Schemes, Third Party Pensions Administrators / Consultancies, Pensions Software amp; Systems amp; Pensions Payroll / Accounts. nbsp;" "['multi', 'award', 'winning', 'party', 'administrator', 'data', 'respected', 'month', 'fixed', 'term', 'contract', 'events', 'part', 'pension', 'administration', 'department', 'ensures', 'effective', 'delivery', 'key', 'events', 'pension', 'scheme', 'data', 'lead', 'manage', 'responsible', 'effective', 'delivery', 'data', 'improvement', 'projects', 'events', 'events', 'managed', 'include', 'pension', 'increases', 'updating', 'valuation', 'data', 'annual', 'benefit', 'statements', 'manages', 'lifecycle', 'projects', 'ensuring', 'deadlines', 'met', 'class', 'quality', 'maintained', 'managed', 'effectively', 'considered', 'previous', 'pensions', 'administration', 'interpersonal', 'desire', 'succeed', 'focused', 'delivering', 'superb', 'advanced', 'excel', 'data', 'analysis', 'communication', 'organisational', 'leadership', 'people', 'essential', 'planning', 'analytical', 'project', 'individual', 'step', 'career', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'nbsp', 'consulting', 'executive', 'search', 'amp', 'selection', 'firm', 'specialising', 'focusing', 'primarily', 'london', 'south', 'east', 'area', 'areas', 'expertise', 'include', 'actuarial', 'investments', 'group', 'risk', 'amp', 'healthcare', 'employee', 'benefits', 'inhouse', 'pension', 'schemes', 'party', 'pensions', 'administrators', 'consultancies', 'pensions', 'software', 'amp', 'amp', 'pensions', 'payroll', 'accounts', 'nbsp']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Document Controller
Webindex: 69080771
Company: Connections Recruitment Ltd
Description: DOCUMENT CONTROLLER  OIL s document control in Malaysia on daily basis Coordinating with vendors document control in USA and Europe on daily basis Working closely with project manager/s to ensure timely turnaround of documents Identifying late documents (vendor and client) and expediting them Filing documents, involvement in formalising filing system Formulating, maintaining and improvement of document control procedures Keeping Supplier Master Document Lists up to date Ensuring we handle document control in a highly professional manner If you are an experienced Document Controller who can demonstrate the required background please forward your latest CV or feel free to contact me direct on **** Connections Recruitment Limited is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00117.txt " Document Controller" " 69080771" " Connections Recruitment Ltd" " DOCUMENT CONTROLLER  OIL s document control in Malaysia on daily basis Coordinating with vendors document control in USA and Europe on daily basis Working closely with project manager/s to ensure timely turnaround of documents Identifying late documents (vendor and client) and expediting them Filing documents, involvement in formalising filing system Formulating, maintaining and improvement of document control procedures Keeping Supplier Master Document Lists up to date Ensuring we handle document control in a highly professional manner If you are an experienced Document Controller who can demonstrate the required background please forward your latest CV or feel free to contact me direct on **** Connections Recruitment Limited is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy" "['document', 'controller', 'oil', 'document', 'control', 'malaysia', 'daily', 'basis', 'coordinating', 'vendors', 'document', 'control', 'usa', 'europe', 'daily', 'basis', 'closely', 'project', 'timely', 'turnaround', 'documents', 'identifying', 'late', 'documents', 'vendor', 'expediting', 'filing', 'documents', 'involvement', 'filing', 'system', 'maintaining', 'improvement', 'document', 'control', 'procedures', 'keeping', 'supplier', 'master', 'document', 'lists', 'date', 'ensuring', 'handle', 'document', 'control', 'highly', 'professional', 'manner', 'experienced', 'document', 'controller', 'demonstrate', 'background', 'forward', 'latest', 'cv', 'feel', 'free', 'contact', 'direct', 'connections', 'limited', 'acting', 'employment', 'relation', 'vacancy']" Engineering
"Title: Financial Accountant
Webindex: 71432341
Company: Hays
Description: Financial Accountant We are pleased to be working in partnership with our professional services client on their opportunity for a Financial Accountant. Based in their prestigeous city centre offices, the role is to prepare financial and statutory accounts and audit preparation. You will be ACA or ACCA qualified and have previous experience of working within practice, financial accounting and audit. You will prepare financial statements and the annual audit pack. You will also produce annual group tax computation. In line with the monthly audit pack, you will review VAT returns and balance sheet reconciliations. You will also have an excellent knowledge of up to date tax accountancy practices. Pension scheme returns and payments experience would also be advantageous. In return you will receive a competitive salary, and an excellent benefits package that includes a pension. In this role you will get a chance to become a part of this professional organisation that recognises it's employees and is one of the UK's most respected company in it's own field. If you wish to be a part be a part of such a successful company and meet the above criteria, please do not hesitate in applying. Applications will be subject to a credit reference and a basic CB check. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinancialAccountant_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00243.txt " Financial Accountant" " 71432341" " Hays" " Financial Accountant We are pleased to be working in partnership with our professional services client on their opportunity for a Financial Accountant. Based in their prestigeous city centre offices, the role is to prepare financial and statutory accounts and audit preparation. You will be ACA or ACCA qualified and have previous experience of working within practice, financial accounting and audit. You will prepare financial statements and the annual audit pack. You will also produce annual group tax computation. In line with the monthly audit pack, you will review VAT returns and balance sheet reconciliations. You will also have an excellent knowledge of up to date tax accountancy practices. Pension scheme returns and payments experience would also be advantageous. In return you will receive a competitive salary, and an excellent benefits package that includes a pension. In this role you will get a chance to become a part of this professional organisation that recognises it's employees and is one of the UK's most respected company in it's own field. If you wish to be a part be a part of such a successful company and meet the above criteria, please do not hesitate in applying. Applications will be subject to a credit reference and a basic CB check. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinancialAccountant_job****" "['accountant', 'pleased', 'partnership', 'professional', 'accountant', 'city', 'centre', 'offices', 'prepare', 'statutory', 'accounts', 'audit', 'preparation', 'aca', 'acca', 'qualified', 'previous', 'practice', 'accounting', 'audit', 'prepare', 'statements', 'annual', 'audit', 'pack', 'produce', 'annual', 'group', 'tax', 'line', 'monthly', 'audit', 'pack', 'review', 'vat', 'returns', 'balance', 'sheet', 'reconciliations', 'date', 'tax', 'accountancy', 'practices', 'pension', 'scheme', 'returns', 'payments', 'advantageous', 'return', 'receive', 'competitive', 'benefits', 'package', 'includes', 'pension', 'chance', 'part', 'professional', 'organisation', 'employees', ""uk's"", 'respected', 'field', 'part', 'part', 'meet', 'criteria', 'hesitate', 'applying', 'applications', 'subject', 'credit', 'reference', 'basic', 'check', 'hays', 'specialist', 'limited', 'acts', 'employment', 'agency', 'permanent', 'employment', 'supply', 'temporary', 'workers', 'applying', 'accept', 'privacy', 'policy', 'disclaimers', 'found', 'hays', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Credit Control
Webindex: 69065735
Company: Hays Credit Management
Description: Professional Services organisation based in Birmingham is looking to recruit a high calibre Credit Controller to join their team. You will have responsibility for a range of clients and main duties will be; Collection of a cash via telephone and email Reconciliation of accounts Liaising with clients via conference calls Setting up new accounts Cash allocation Obtaining and updating information on clients The ideal candidate will have exposure to a high volume environment. This is a great opportunity to join a fantastic organisation with a competitive salary Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C s, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00275.txt " Credit Control" " 69065735" " Hays Credit Management" " Professional Services organisation based in Birmingham is looking to recruit a high calibre Credit Controller to join their team. You will have responsibility for a range of clients and main duties will be; Collection of a cash via telephone and email Reconciliation of accounts Liaising with clients via conference calls Setting up new accounts Cash allocation Obtaining and updating information on clients The ideal candidate will have exposure to a high volume environment. This is a great opportunity to join a fantastic organisation with a competitive salary Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C s, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk" "['professional', 'organisation', 'birmingham', 'recruit', 'calibre', 'credit', 'controller', 'responsibility', 'range', 'main', 'duties', 'collection', 'cash', 'telephone', 'email', 'reconciliation', 'accounts', 'liaising', 'conference', 'calls', 'setting', 'accounts', 'cash', 'allocation', 'obtaining', 'updating', 'information', 'ideal', 'exposure', 'volume', 'environment', 'great', 'fantastic', 'organisation', 'competitive', 'hays', 'specialist', 'limited', 'acts', 'employment', 'agency', 'permanent', 'employment', 'supply', 'temporary', 'workers', 'applying', 'accept', 'privacy', 'policy', 'disclaimers', 'found', 'hays']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Model Validation Quantitative Analyst
Webindex: 68063266
Company: LMA Recruitment Ltd
Description: Our client, a top tier Investment Bank, are seeking a Model Validation Quantitative Analyst. The successful candidate will model validate Basel 2 related or quantitative models in the area of market and credit risk. The role within the Model Validation Group will be to look into highly complex risk models and to determine their weaknesses and limitations. In addition on going model performance will need to be undertaken to assess backtesting results and development of backtesting methodologies. On a daily basis the individual will assess and validate mathematical models used in financial pricing and risk management. The main focus will be on Risk models used for capital calculations, both in market (VAR) and Credit (Counterparty Risk). The individual will be required to interact with model developers, risk managers, internal, external and government auditors. The validations will follow two steps; Interim (or Level 1) validations in terms of assessing the adequacy of model documentation, statistical testing and (level 2) in terms of using documentation as model specification, building a replica of the model and checking that the implementation has been done effectively . It is important that the individual has a strong understanding of derivative pricing theory and experience in developing Risk Models. A solid understanding of stochastic calculus is key as is an understanding of Basel and regulatory rules on capital modelling and back testing. The implementation work will require strong knowledge of programming in C++, Python, Mathematica or another appropriate language. The successful candidate will need to demonstrate a sound knowledge of Probability Theory, Stochastic Calculus, Partial Differential Equations and Numerical Methods. This is an excellent opportunity for the right candidate with a global leader in Investment Banking." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00318.txt " Model Validation Quantitative Analyst" " 68063266" " LMA Recruitment Ltd" " Our client, a top tier Investment Bank, are seeking a Model Validation Quantitative Analyst. The successful candidate will model validate Basel 2 related or quantitative models in the area of market and credit risk. The role within the Model Validation Group will be to look into highly complex risk models and to determine their weaknesses and limitations. In addition on going model performance will need to be undertaken to assess backtesting results and development of backtesting methodologies. On a daily basis the individual will assess and validate mathematical models used in financial pricing and risk management. The main focus will be on Risk models used for capital calculations, both in market (VAR) and Credit (Counterparty Risk). The individual will be required to interact with model developers, risk managers, internal, external and government auditors. The validations will follow two steps; Interim (or Level 1) validations in terms of assessing the adequacy of model documentation, statistical testing and (level 2) in terms of using documentation as model specification, building a replica of the model and checking that the implementation has been done effectively . It is important that the individual has a strong understanding of derivative pricing theory and experience in developing Risk Models. A solid understanding of stochastic calculus is key as is an understanding of Basel and regulatory rules on capital modelling and back testing. The implementation work will require strong knowledge of programming in C++, Python, Mathematica or another appropriate language. The successful candidate will need to demonstrate a sound knowledge of Probability Theory, Stochastic Calculus, Partial Differential Equations and Numerical Methods. This is an excellent opportunity for the right candidate with a global leader in Investment Banking." "['top', 'tier', 'investment', 'bank', 'seeking', 'model', 'validation', 'quantitative', 'analyst', 'model', 'validate', 'basel', 'related', 'quantitative', 'models', 'area', 'market', 'credit', 'risk', 'model', 'validation', 'group', 'highly', 'complex', 'risk', 'models', 'determine', 'limitations', 'addition', 'model', 'performance', 'undertaken', 'assess', 'backtesting', 'results', 'backtesting', 'methodologies', 'daily', 'basis', 'individual', 'assess', 'validate', 'mathematical', 'models', 'pricing', 'risk', 'main', 'focus', 'risk', 'models', 'capital', 'calculations', 'market', 'var', 'credit', 'counterparty', 'risk', 'individual', 'interact', 'model', 'developers', 'risk', 'managers', 'internal', 'external', 'government', 'auditors', 'validations', 'follow', 'steps', 'interim', 'level', 'validations', 'terms', 'assessing', 'adequacy', 'model', 'documentation', 'statistical', 'testing', 'level', 'terms', 'documentation', 'model', 'specification', 'building', 'model', 'checking', 'implementation', 'effectively', 'important', 'individual', 'understanding', 'derivative', 'pricing', 'theory', 'developing', 'risk', 'models', 'solid', 'understanding', 'stochastic', 'calculus', 'key', 'understanding', 'basel', 'regulatory', 'rules', 'capital', 'modelling', 'back', 'testing', 'implementation', 'require', 'programming', 'python', 'language', 'demonstrate', 'sound', 'probability', 'theory', 'stochastic', 'calculus', 'partial', 'numerical', 'methods', 'global', 'leader', 'investment', 'banking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Accounts Assistant / Credit Controller
Webindex: 69688299
Company: Paul Mitchell Associates
Description: Our client, a successful local business, is seeking an Accounts Assistant. The roles purpose is to ensure the smooth running of the credit control and sales ledger function within the accounts department. Other aspects of the role include bank reconciliations, expenses, reports, invoice discounting as well as other adhoc duties." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00268.txt " Accounts Assistant / Credit Controller" " 69688299" " Paul Mitchell Associates" " Our client, a successful local business, is seeking an Accounts Assistant. The roles purpose is to ensure the smooth running of the credit control and sales ledger function within the accounts department. Other aspects of the role include bank reconciliations, expenses, reports, invoice discounting as well as other adhoc duties." "['local', 'seeking', 'accounts', 'assistant', 'roles', 'purpose', 'smooth', 'running', 'credit', 'control', 'ledger', 'function', 'accounts', 'department', 'aspects', 'include', 'bank', 'reconciliations', 'expenses', 'reports', 'invoice', 'adhoc', 'duties']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: AUDIT MANAGER  INSURANCE
Webindex: 69792349
Company: Finance Professionals
Description: Role Description The successful candidates will have a portfolio of clients that they are responsible for on a day to day basis Ensuring completion of audits/projects within agreed timescales Audit planning and day to day management of field teams including review of audit work Liaising with key client staff and the management of the reporting process. Assisting in development of junior colleagues. Given the variety in the size of our clients you will obtain direct exposure to senior members of the client and report directly to a Partner or Director. Involvement in advisory assignments in the General insurance sector including transaction advisory support, internal audit, regulatory consulting, IFRS and other technical advice. You will also be expected to assist with technical and business development initiatives within the team. Job Requirements: ACA qualification or equivalent Previous external auditing experience (A background of General Insurance sector would be helpful but is not essential) Knowledge of FSA regulation Working knowledge of IFRS, UK GAAP or US GAAP Positive attitude An ability to develop strong client relationships Strong communication skills Project management capabilities Knowledgeable with MS Word, Excel and Project Finance Professionals is part of Hydrogen Group." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00290.txt " AUDIT MANAGER  INSURANCE" " 69792349" " Finance Professionals" " Role Description The successful candidates will have a portfolio of clients that they are responsible for on a day to day basis Ensuring completion of audits/projects within agreed timescales Audit planning and day to day management of field teams including review of audit work Liaising with key client staff and the management of the reporting process. Assisting in development of junior colleagues. Given the variety in the size of our clients you will obtain direct exposure to senior members of the client and report directly to a Partner or Director. Involvement in advisory assignments in the General insurance sector including transaction advisory support, internal audit, regulatory consulting, IFRS and other technical advice. You will also be expected to assist with technical and business development initiatives within the team. Job Requirements: ACA qualification or equivalent Previous external auditing experience (A background of General Insurance sector would be helpful but is not essential) Knowledge of FSA regulation Working knowledge of IFRS, UK GAAP or US GAAP Positive attitude An ability to develop strong client relationships Strong communication skills Project management capabilities Knowledgeable with MS Word, Excel and Project Finance Professionals is part of Hydrogen Group." "['description', 'candidates', 'portfolio', 'responsible', 'day', 'day', 'basis', 'ensuring', 'completion', 'audits', 'projects', 'agreed', 'timescales', 'audit', 'planning', 'day', 'day', 'field', 'teams', 'review', 'audit', 'liaising', 'key', 'reporting', 'process', 'assisting', 'junior', 'colleagues', 'variety', 'size', 'obtain', 'direct', 'exposure', 'senior', 'members', 'report', 'directly', 'partner', 'director', 'involvement', 'advisory', 'assignments', 'general', 'insurance', 'sector', 'transaction', 'advisory', 'internal', 'audit', 'regulatory', 'consulting', 'ifrs', 'technical', 'advice', 'expected', 'assist', 'technical', 'initiatives', 'requirements', 'aca', 'qualification', 'equivalent', 'previous', 'external', 'auditing', 'background', 'general', 'insurance', 'sector', 'helpful', 'essential', 'fsa', 'regulation', 'ifrs', 'gaap', 'gaap', 'positive', 'attitude', 'develop', 'relationships', 'communication', 'project', 'capabilities', 'knowledgeable', 'ms', 'word', 'excel', 'project', 'finance', 'professionals', 'part', 'group']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Accounts / Audit Senior
Webindex: 68675231
Company: Macildowie Associates.
Description: THE OPPORTUNITY: My client is a medium sized firm based in Nottingham looking to recruit a strong Audit / Accounts Senior to join their team. The successful candidate will be ACA PartQualified or Qualified with a minimum of 1 years experience in a similar role in practice. My client will provide full study support for ACA paying for exams, courses and time off. This position will be split ****/**** with accounts preparation and audit work. This is a great chance to join a stable, successful firm with good career prospects for the future too. THE ROLE AND YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES:  Production of financial statements for sole traders, limited companies and partnerships for businesses turning over up to 2 million  Audit of SME businesses  Production of VAT returns  Production of Corporation Tax returns  Adhoc managements accounts production / book keeping for smaller clients EXPERIENCE SOUGHT IN THE SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATE: Essential: It is essential you are ACA Qualified or PartQualified with a minimum of 12 months experience working in practice. Desirable: NB: As a result of the volume of applications, in some instances we are unable to respond with individual feedback. If we have not contacted you within five working days your application has been unsuccessful. Macildowie is a specialist recruitment consultancy with a rich history of resourcing professionals in the areas of HR TRAINING, FINANCE and PROCUREMENT SUPPLY CHAIN. With deep roots in the East Midlands our Consultants have an unrivalled understanding of the local market. Macildowie Associates is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountsAuditSenior_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00273.txt " Accounts / Audit Senior" " 68675231" " Macildowie Associates." " THE OPPORTUNITY: My client is a medium sized firm based in Nottingham looking to recruit a strong Audit / Accounts Senior to join their team. The successful candidate will be ACA PartQualified or Qualified with a minimum of 1 years experience in a similar role in practice. My client will provide full study support for ACA paying for exams, courses and time off. This position will be split ****/**** with accounts preparation and audit work. This is a great chance to join a stable, successful firm with good career prospects for the future too. THE ROLE AND YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES:  Production of financial statements for sole traders, limited companies and partnerships for businesses turning over up to 2 million  Audit of SME businesses  Production of VAT returns  Production of Corporation Tax returns  Adhoc managements accounts production / book keeping for smaller clients EXPERIENCE SOUGHT IN THE SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATE: Essential: It is essential you are ACA Qualified or PartQualified with a minimum of 12 months experience working in practice. Desirable: NB: As a result of the volume of applications, in some instances we are unable to respond with individual feedback. If we have not contacted you within five working days your application has been unsuccessful. Macildowie is a specialist recruitment consultancy with a rich history of resourcing professionals in the areas of HR TRAINING, FINANCE and PROCUREMENT SUPPLY CHAIN. With deep roots in the East Midlands our Consultants have an unrivalled understanding of the local market. Macildowie Associates is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountsAuditSenior_job****" "['medium', 'sized', 'firm', 'nottingham', 'recruit', 'audit', 'accounts', 'senior', 'aca', 'partqualified', 'qualified', 'minimum', 'years', 'similar', 'practice', 'study', 'aca', 'paying', 'exams', 'courses', 'time', 'split', 'accounts', 'preparation', 'audit', 'great', 'chance', 'stable', 'firm', 'career', 'prospects', 'future', 'responsibilities', 'production', 'statements', 'sole', 'traders', 'limited', 'companies', 'partnerships', 'businesses', 'turning', 'million', 'audit', 'sme', 'businesses', 'production', 'vat', 'returns', 'production', 'corporation', 'tax', 'returns', 'adhoc', 'accounts', 'production', 'book', 'keeping', 'smaller', 'sought', 'essential', 'essential', 'aca', 'qualified', 'partqualified', 'minimum', 'months', 'practice', 'desirable', 'result', 'volume', 'applications', 'unable', 'respond', 'individual', 'feedback', 'contacted', 'days', 'application', 'unsuccessful', 'macildowie', 'specialist', 'consultancy', 'rich', 'history', 'resourcing', 'professionals', 'areas', 'hr', 'finance', 'procurement', 'supply', 'chain', 'deep', 'roots', 'east', 'midlands', 'consultants', 'unrivalled', 'understanding', 'local', 'market', 'macildowie', 'associates', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'vacancy', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Heating Engineer
Webindex: 67945529
Company: Fusion People
Description: I am currently looking for a Heating Engineer with HVAC experience to work on oil fired boilers and associated pumps and control systems, air handling units, fuel systems, hydraulics etc. You will need to have experience of working in a maintenance environment and have fault finding experience. OFTEC qualified would be an advantage, as would electrical qualifications but that is not essential. This role will be on a temporary to permanent basis. All candidates will need to go through a CRB or MOD clearance. Please email your CV for consideration on this vacancy  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00221.txt " Heating Engineer" " 67945529" " Fusion People" " I am currently looking for a Heating Engineer with HVAC experience to work on oil fired boilers and associated pumps and control systems, air handling units, fuel systems, hydraulics etc. You will need to have experience of working in a maintenance environment and have fault finding experience. OFTEC qualified would be an advantage, as would electrical qualifications but that is not essential. This role will be on a temporary to permanent basis. All candidates will need to go through a CRB or MOD clearance. Please email your CV for consideration on this vacancy  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business." "['heating', 'hvac', 'oil', 'fired', 'boilers', 'pumps', 'control', 'air', 'handling', 'units', 'fuel', 'hydraulics', 'maintenance', 'environment', 'fault', 'finding', 'qualified', 'advantage', 'electrical', 'qualifications', 'essential', 'temporary', 'permanent', 'basis', 'candidates', 'crb', 'mod', 'clearance', 'email', 'cv', 'consideration', 'vacancy', 'fusion', 'people', 'committed', 'promoting', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'people', 'age', 'gender', 'religion', 'belief', 'race', 'sexuality', 'disability', 'operate', 'employment', 'agency', 'employment']" Engineering
"Title: Nurse RMN or RGN
Webindex: 53863788
Description: Registered Nurse RMN or RGN Location: Crewe Cheshire ****  **** Dependant on experience Compass Associates are working in a partnership with a valued client for registered nurse to work days for this modern, medium sized care home. The successful candidate will be ideally RMN qualified and have previous experience of working in a Nursing Home setting / environment. You will have a passion for care and commitment to work with the elderly. My client will also consider RGN nurses who have extensive experience of working with Dementia service users . To apply for this fantastic opportunity send a copy of your CV to scousinscompassltd.co.uk or contact Stuart Cousins direct on **** **** ****" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00563.txt " Nurse RMN or RGN" " 53863788"  " Registered Nurse RMN or RGN Location: Crewe Cheshire ****  **** Dependant on experience Compass Associates are working in a partnership with a valued client for registered nurse to work days for this modern, medium sized care home. The successful candidate will be ideally RMN qualified and have previous experience of working in a Nursing Home setting / environment. You will have a passion for care and commitment to work with the elderly. My client will also consider RGN nurses who have extensive experience of working with Dementia service users . To apply for this fantastic opportunity send a copy of your CV to scousinscompassltd.co.uk or contact Stuart Cousins direct on **** **** ****" "['registered', 'nurse', 'rmn', 'rgn', 'location', 'cheshire', 'dependant', 'compass', 'associates', 'partnership', 'valued', 'registered', 'nurse', 'days', 'modern', 'medium', 'sized', 'ideally', 'rmn', 'qualified', 'previous', 'nursing', 'setting', 'environment', 'passion', 'commitment', 'elderly', 'rgn', 'nurses', 'extensive', 'dementia', 'users', 'fantastic', 'send', 'copy', 'cv', 'contact', 'stuart', 'direct']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Air Conditioning Engineer
Webindex: 72690823
Company: Ashley house
Description: Air Conditioning Engineer FTC 3 months. Potential to go permanent Ref: MM12202 Salary: ****  **** basic salary per annum plus van. Location: York UK Driving license required, (Manual) Working hours: MonFri Interviews will take place in Feb 2013 1 stage interview only Closing date: ASAP An experienced Air Conditioning Engineer is currently required for a permanent position working in the York area. This position is being offered by a large and wellknown FTSE250 FM Outsourcing business. The purpose of the job is to be able to perform maintenance, repair, decommissioning and recommissioning of systems and equipment within the scope of their specific disciplines. The purpose of the job is to undertake all air conditioning works within the Area on commercial, electrical and retail properties. Position requirements Carry out planned and reactive maintenance covering HVAC maintenance incorporating Air Conditioning works To safely and efficiently install, maintain and repair plant and equipment To carry out diagnostic and fault finding to plant and equipment. To carry out routine servicing and commissioning to plant and equipment across the clients portfolio of buildings. Maybe required to assist on other contracts within the area from time to time. To maintain plant, PPM, personal and vehicle records in accordance with Company operating procedures and the contract requirements To identify areas for additional works and/or projects within the Contractual requirements and report these promptly to the Portfolio Supervisor with estimated material costs and labour requirements. To understand and complete all work related documentation accurately and on time Candidate requirements F Gas Legislation. Need a strong M E background for planned and reactive maintenance covering HVAC maintenance incorporating Air Conditioning works Previous Electrical experience Full driving licence Ability to adapt to changing circumstances. Must have a proactive and flexible approach (on call/shift work required) Able to demonstrate some Commercial Awareness Excellent customer facing and communication skills. If you feel you match our clients criteria then please apply now to mike.marsdenomnirms.com" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00019.txt " Air Conditioning Engineer" " 72690823" " Ashley house" " Air Conditioning Engineer FTC 3 months. Potential to go permanent Ref: MM12202 Salary: ****  **** basic salary per annum plus van. Location: York UK Driving license required, (Manual) Working hours: MonFri Interviews will take place in Feb 2013 1 stage interview only Closing date: ASAP An experienced Air Conditioning Engineer is currently required for a permanent position working in the York area. This position is being offered by a large and wellknown FTSE250 FM Outsourcing business. The purpose of the job is to be able to perform maintenance, repair, decommissioning and recommissioning of systems and equipment within the scope of their specific disciplines. The purpose of the job is to undertake all air conditioning works within the Area on commercial, electrical and retail properties. Position requirements Carry out planned and reactive maintenance covering HVAC maintenance incorporating Air Conditioning works To safely and efficiently install, maintain and repair plant and equipment To carry out diagnostic and fault finding to plant and equipment. To carry out routine servicing and commissioning to plant and equipment across the clients portfolio of buildings. Maybe required to assist on other contracts within the area from time to time. To maintain plant, PPM, personal and vehicle records in accordance with Company operating procedures and the contract requirements To identify areas for additional works and/or projects within the Contractual requirements and report these promptly to the Portfolio Supervisor with estimated material costs and labour requirements. To understand and complete all work related documentation accurately and on time Candidate requirements F Gas Legislation. Need a strong M E background for planned and reactive maintenance covering HVAC maintenance incorporating Air Conditioning works Previous Electrical experience Full driving licence Ability to adapt to changing circumstances. Must have a proactive and flexible approach (on call/shift work required) Able to demonstrate some Commercial Awareness Excellent customer facing and communication skills. If you feel you match our clients criteria then please apply now to mike.marsdenomnirms.com" "['air', 'conditioning', 'ftc', 'months', 'potential', 'permanent', 'ref', 'mm', 'basic', 'annum', 'van', 'location', 'york', 'driving', 'license', 'manual', 'hours', 'monfri', 'interviews', 'place', 'feb', 'stage', 'interview', 'closing', 'date', 'asap', 'experienced', 'air', 'conditioning', 'permanent', 'york', 'area', 'offered', 'large', 'wellknown', 'ftse', 'fm', 'outsourcing', 'purpose', 'perform', 'maintenance', 'repair', 'decommissioning', 'equipment', 'scope', 'specific', 'disciplines', 'purpose', 'undertake', 'air', 'conditioning', 'works', 'area', 'commercial', 'electrical', 'retail', 'properties', 'requirements', 'carry', 'planned', 'reactive', 'maintenance', 'covering', 'hvac', 'maintenance', 'incorporating', 'air', 'conditioning', 'works', 'safely', 'efficiently', 'install', 'maintain', 'repair', 'plant', 'equipment', 'carry', 'diagnostic', 'fault', 'finding', 'plant', 'equipment', 'carry', 'routine', 'servicing', 'commissioning', 'plant', 'equipment', 'portfolio', 'buildings', 'assist', 'contracts', 'area', 'time', 'time', 'maintain', 'plant', 'ppm', 'personal', 'vehicle', 'records', 'accordance', 'operating', 'procedures', 'contract', 'requirements', 'identify', 'areas', 'additional', 'works', 'projects', 'contractual', 'requirements', 'report', 'promptly', 'portfolio', 'supervisor', 'estimated', 'material', 'costs', 'labour', 'requirements', 'understand', 'complete', 'related', 'documentation', 'accurately', 'time', 'requirements', 'gas', 'legislation', 'background', 'planned', 'reactive', 'maintenance', 'covering', 'hvac', 'maintenance', 'incorporating', 'air', 'conditioning', 'works', 'previous', 'electrical', 'driving', 'licence', 'adapt', 'changing', 'circumstances', 'proactive', 'flexible', 'approach', 'call', 'shift', 'demonstrate', 'commercial', 'awareness', 'facing', 'communication', 'feel', 'match', 'criteria', 'mike']" Engineering
"Title: Commercial Claims Handler
Webindex: 68702096
Company: Cryer Baker Recruitment Ltd
Description: Superb opportunity with a major Leeds based corporate brokerage boasting a varied and longstanding client portfolio predominately made up of larger, technically complex insurance programmes. This is a key role within the team and will see you playing an important part in the client’s ongoing relationships. The team in made up of numerous highly regarded account executives, directors and corporate handlers and at a time where many competitors are looking to outsource its claims, our client is keen to ensure the claims expertise remains firmly within the existing team offering valuable advice and support and maintaining a high level of client satisfaction. The ideal applicant will currently be working within a broking environment with a good all round knowledge of commercial and corporate insurances, be able to handle claims from initial inception through to settlement, liaising closely with the client and the insurers to satisfactory conclusion. Although this role is predominately office based, the need may arise from time to time to deal with clients on a face to face basis, therefore previous experience would be beneficial. Alternatively we would be interested to hear from individuals perhaps working for an insurer or adjuster in a general commercial claims role and looking to move across in to a broking environment. Although not a management opportunity, it is likely that you will be required to oversee the lesser experienced commercial claims handlers, providing support and leading by example. Progress towards ACII preferred although not essential. For further information please contact Tim Cryer on **** **** or forward your CV to timcryerbaker.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommercialClaimsHandler_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00380.txt " Commercial Claims Handler" " 68702096" " Cryer Baker Recruitment Ltd" " Superb opportunity with a major Leeds based corporate brokerage boasting a varied and longstanding client portfolio predominately made up of larger, technically complex insurance programmes. This is a key role within the team and will see you playing an important part in the client’s ongoing relationships. The team in made up of numerous highly regarded account executives, directors and corporate handlers and at a time where many competitors are looking to outsource its claims, our client is keen to ensure the claims expertise remains firmly within the existing team offering valuable advice and support and maintaining a high level of client satisfaction. The ideal applicant will currently be working within a broking environment with a good all round knowledge of commercial and corporate insurances, be able to handle claims from initial inception through to settlement, liaising closely with the client and the insurers to satisfactory conclusion. Although this role is predominately office based, the need may arise from time to time to deal with clients on a face to face basis, therefore previous experience would be beneficial. Alternatively we would be interested to hear from individuals perhaps working for an insurer or adjuster in a general commercial claims role and looking to move across in to a broking environment. Although not a management opportunity, it is likely that you will be required to oversee the lesser experienced commercial claims handlers, providing support and leading by example. Progress towards ACII preferred although not essential. For further information please contact Tim Cryer on **** **** or forward your CV to timcryerbaker.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommercialClaimsHandler_job****" "['superb', 'major', 'leeds', 'corporate', 'brokerage', 'varied', 'portfolio', 'predominately', 'made', 'larger', 'technically', 'complex', 'insurance', 'programmes', 'key', 'important', 'part', 'ongoing', 'relationships', 'made', 'numerous', 'highly', 'regarded', 'account', 'executives', 'directors', 'corporate', 'handlers', 'time', 'competitors', 'claims', 'keen', 'claims', 'expertise', 'remains', 'firmly', 'existing', 'offering', 'valuable', 'advice', 'maintaining', 'level', 'satisfaction', 'ideal', 'applicant', 'broking', 'environment', 'round', 'commercial', 'corporate', 'insurances', 'handle', 'claims', 'initial', 'inception', 'settlement', 'liaising', 'closely', 'insurers', 'satisfactory', 'conclusion', 'predominately', 'office', 'arise', 'time', 'time', 'deal', 'face', 'face', 'basis', 'previous', 'beneficial', 'alternatively', 'interested', 'hear', 'individuals', 'insurer', 'adjuster', 'general', 'commercial', 'claims', 'move', 'broking', 'environment', 'oversee', 'experienced', 'commercial', 'claims', 'handlers', 'providing', 'progress', 'acii', 'preferred', 'essential', 'information', 'contact', 'tim', 'forward', 'cv', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Staff Nurse Job Bingley (angiography suite)
Webindex: 46634833
Description: Job Ref  VAC**** Job Title  Staff Nurse (angiography suite) Location  Bingley, West Yorkshire A vacancy has recently arisen for a staff nurse in the multipurpose angiography suite at a clinic based in West Yorkshire. It is an excellent opportunity for a trained individual to join the small friendly team. The post holder will be an NMC registered nurse and will have at least 3 years' experience in this particular speciality and be able to demonstrate competence in cardiac and other interventional procedures. Applicants should be smart, polite and flexible in their approach to work. The small, friendly department provides full angiography services to include: All cardiac procedures Embolization Central venous lines Pain management procedures Interventional radiology The successful individual will participate in all procedures and the preassessment of the cardiac patients. The post holder is responsible for delivering a high standard of individualised care to the patients in the angiography suite and will work as part of the multidisciplinary team and promote The Yorkshire Clinic as a specialised cardiac centre to all patients and customers. Essential: Registered nursing qualification or equivalent Registered with the NMC Sound written and verbal communication skills Proven ability to work effectively in a team environment and independently as required Flexibility and adaptability to meet the changing needs of the business Demonstrated customer service skills Demonstrated computer skills Minimum of 3 years' experience in this particular speciality Able to demonstrate competence in cardiac and other interventional procedures Detailed evidence based clinical knowledge on cardiac and interventional radiology Desirable: ILS certificate Intravenous drug administration Certificate of competence to insert IV cannulate UK Course for Cardiac Cath Lab Professionals Please click apply today." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00595.txt " Staff Nurse Job Bingley (angiography suite)" " 46634833"  " Job Ref  VAC**** Job Title  Staff Nurse (angiography suite) Location  Bingley, West Yorkshire A vacancy has recently arisen for a staff nurse in the multipurpose angiography suite at a clinic based in West Yorkshire. It is an excellent opportunity for a trained individual to join the small friendly team. The post holder will be an NMC registered nurse and will have at least 3 years' experience in this particular speciality and be able to demonstrate competence in cardiac and other interventional procedures. Applicants should be smart, polite and flexible in their approach to work. The small, friendly department provides full angiography services to include: All cardiac procedures Embolization Central venous lines Pain management procedures Interventional radiology The successful individual will participate in all procedures and the preassessment of the cardiac patients. The post holder is responsible for delivering a high standard of individualised care to the patients in the angiography suite and will work as part of the multidisciplinary team and promote The Yorkshire Clinic as a specialised cardiac centre to all patients and customers. Essential: Registered nursing qualification or equivalent Registered with the NMC Sound written and verbal communication skills Proven ability to work effectively in a team environment and independently as required Flexibility and adaptability to meet the changing needs of the business Demonstrated customer service skills Demonstrated computer skills Minimum of 3 years' experience in this particular speciality Able to demonstrate competence in cardiac and other interventional procedures Detailed evidence based clinical knowledge on cardiac and interventional radiology Desirable: ILS certificate Intravenous drug administration Certificate of competence to insert IV cannulate UK Course for Cardiac Cath Lab Professionals Please click apply today." "['ref', 'vac', 'title', 'nurse', 'angiography', 'suite', 'location', 'west', 'yorkshire', 'vacancy', 'recently', 'arisen', 'nurse', 'angiography', 'suite', 'clinic', 'west', 'yorkshire', 'trained', 'individual', 'small', 'friendly', 'post', 'holder', 'nmc', 'registered', 'nurse', 'years', 'speciality', 'demonstrate', 'competence', 'cardiac', 'interventional', 'procedures', 'applicants', 'smart', 'polite', 'flexible', 'approach', 'small', 'friendly', 'department', 'angiography', 'include', 'cardiac', 'procedures', 'central', 'lines', 'procedures', 'interventional', 'radiology', 'individual', 'participate', 'procedures', 'cardiac', 'patients', 'post', 'holder', 'responsible', 'delivering', 'standard', 'individualised', 'patients', 'angiography', 'suite', 'part', 'multidisciplinary', 'promote', 'yorkshire', 'clinic', 'specialised', 'cardiac', 'centre', 'patients', 'customers', 'essential', 'registered', 'nursing', 'qualification', 'equivalent', 'registered', 'nmc', 'sound', 'written', 'verbal', 'communication', 'proven', 'effectively', 'environment', 'independently', 'flexibility', 'adaptability', 'meet', 'changing', 'demonstrated', 'demonstrated', 'computer', 'minimum', 'years', 'speciality', 'demonstrate', 'competence', 'cardiac', 'interventional', 'procedures', 'detailed', 'evidence', 'clinical', 'cardiac', 'interventional', 'radiology', 'desirable', 'ils', 'certificate', 'drug', 'administration', 'certificate', 'competence', 'iv', 'cardiac', 'lab', 'professionals', 'click', 'today']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: SCHEME OPERATIONS ADMINISTRATOR
Webindex: 68691589
Company: Regan and Dean Recruitment
Description: The Company Excellent career opportunity for a Scheme Operations Administrator to join ground breaking financial services company, consisting of an exceptional team of talented individuals from the commercial world. Become an integral part of this new high profile pension provider by supporting the pension scheme operations team. If you are interested in joining a company at a very exciting time and one that will soon become a national household name with a large social impact then read on…. The Role Working within a unique and very challenging but rewarding programme you will report to the Customer Service Manager and be responsible for managing case work and assisting with process improvement, whilst also providing support to the rest of the team. As the lynch pin of the scheme operations team you will provide support on processes for casework i.e. late payments or complaints. You will manage cases including investigating issues, liaising with the legal team and choosing trustees to resolve cases then communicate resolutions. Duties will also include: Content reviews of service providers and internal operations manuals Running scheme operations governance groups Supporting production of materials Manage casework teams workload, MI and reporting About You You will be a team player with relevant experience, either in pension administration or industry. Customer service/ complaint handling/case management experience, plus analytical and problem solving skills are required. You will be a strong relationship manager with good communication skills, both verbal and written. You will also have excellent planning, organisational, analysis and administrative skills, plus the ability to work in a rapidly changing environment, dealing equally with strategic and daily operational issues This is a key role, within an operational environment for an exciting new pension scheme and brand. You will have the opportunity to work with friendly, supportive, experienced, qualified and extremely professional people. This is a great chance to join a unique organisation at a pivotal time of change. To apply for this Pension Scheme Operations Administrator position click the 'Apply Now' button This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SCHEMEOPERATIONSADMINISTRATOR_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00355.txt " SCHEME OPERATIONS ADMINISTRATOR" " 68691589" " Regan and Dean Recruitment" " The Company Excellent career opportunity for a Scheme Operations Administrator to join ground breaking financial services company, consisting of an exceptional team of talented individuals from the commercial world. Become an integral part of this new high profile pension provider by supporting the pension scheme operations team. If you are interested in joining a company at a very exciting time and one that will soon become a national household name with a large social impact then read on…. The Role Working within a unique and very challenging but rewarding programme you will report to the Customer Service Manager and be responsible for managing case work and assisting with process improvement, whilst also providing support to the rest of the team. As the lynch pin of the scheme operations team you will provide support on processes for casework i.e. late payments or complaints. You will manage cases including investigating issues, liaising with the legal team and choosing trustees to resolve cases then communicate resolutions. Duties will also include: Content reviews of service providers and internal operations manuals Running scheme operations governance groups Supporting production of materials Manage casework teams workload, MI and reporting About You You will be a team player with relevant experience, either in pension administration or industry. Customer service/ complaint handling/case management experience, plus analytical and problem solving skills are required. You will be a strong relationship manager with good communication skills, both verbal and written. You will also have excellent planning, organisational, analysis and administrative skills, plus the ability to work in a rapidly changing environment, dealing equally with strategic and daily operational issues This is a key role, within an operational environment for an exciting new pension scheme and brand. You will have the opportunity to work with friendly, supportive, experienced, qualified and extremely professional people. This is a great chance to join a unique organisation at a pivotal time of change. To apply for this Pension Scheme Operations Administrator position click the 'Apply Now' button This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SCHEMEOPERATIONSADMINISTRATOR_job****" "['career', 'scheme', 'operations', 'administrator', 'ground', 'breaking', 'consisting', 'exceptional', 'talented', 'individuals', 'commercial', 'world', 'integral', 'part', 'profile', 'pension', 'provider', 'supporting', 'pension', 'scheme', 'operations', 'interested', 'joining', 'exciting', 'time', 'national', 'household', 'large', 'social', 'impact', 'read', 'unique', 'challenging', 'rewarding', 'programme', 'report', 'responsible', 'managing', 'case', 'assisting', 'process', 'improvement', 'whilst', 'providing', 'rest', 'pin', 'scheme', 'operations', 'processes', 'casework', 'late', 'payments', 'complaints', 'manage', 'cases', 'investigating', 'issues', 'liaising', 'legal', 'trustees', 'resolve', 'cases', 'communicate', 'duties', 'include', 'content', 'reviews', 'providers', 'internal', 'operations', 'manuals', 'running', 'scheme', 'operations', 'governance', 'groups', 'supporting', 'production', 'materials', 'manage', 'casework', 'teams', 'workload', 'mi', 'reporting', 'player', 'relevant', 'pension', 'administration', 'industry', 'complaint', 'handling', 'case', 'analytical', 'problem', 'solving', 'relationship', 'communication', 'verbal', 'written', 'planning', 'organisational', 'analysis', 'administrative', 'rapidly', 'changing', 'environment', 'dealing', 'equally', 'strategic', 'daily', 'operational', 'issues', 'key', 'operational', 'environment', 'exciting', 'pension', 'scheme', 'brand', 'friendly', 'supportive', 'experienced', 'qualified', 'extremely', 'professional', 'people', 'great', 'chance', 'unique', 'organisation', 'pivotal', 'time', 'change', 'pension', 'scheme', 'operations', 'administrator', 'click', 'button', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Social Workers
Webindex: 69192492
Description: NEW SOCIAL WORK OPPORTUNITIES Social Workers Adult's Learning Disability, Older Adults and Physical Disabilities Service teams Salary up to **** Pembrokeshire is well known to be amongst the most beautiful places in the country to live and work. Whilst many authorities are cutting back on services, Pembrokeshire County Council is making a substantial investment in additional social workers and senior practitioners. This is intended to make caseloads lower than ever before so front line practitioners have the opportunity to do the work they want. Alongside this we have set out a pay structure which makes our social workers and first line managers amongst the best paid in the region. You must possess a relevant qualification in social work and be a registered social worker. These posts are subject to a DBS (formerly Enhanced Criminal Records Bureau) Disclosure. salaries include payment of a market supplement and are subject to pay and grading review. You must possess a relevant qualification in social work and be a registered social worker. These posts are subject to a DBS (formerly Enhanced Criminal Records Bureau) Disclosure. For full information regarding this vacancy, and to apply online, please visit www.pembrokeshire.gov.uk or click Apply Now Closing date: 8th February 2013. We reserve the right to close this vacancy at any time. We therefore encourage early application to ensure consideration for the post." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00575.txt " Social Workers" " 69192492"  " NEW SOCIAL WORK OPPORTUNITIES Social Workers Adult's Learning Disability, Older Adults and Physical Disabilities Service teams Salary up to **** Pembrokeshire is well known to be amongst the most beautiful places in the country to live and work. Whilst many authorities are cutting back on services, Pembrokeshire County Council is making a substantial investment in additional social workers and senior practitioners. This is intended to make caseloads lower than ever before so front line practitioners have the opportunity to do the work they want. Alongside this we have set out a pay structure which makes our social workers and first line managers amongst the best paid in the region. You must possess a relevant qualification in social work and be a registered social worker. These posts are subject to a DBS (formerly Enhanced Criminal Records Bureau) Disclosure. salaries include payment of a market supplement and are subject to pay and grading review. You must possess a relevant qualification in social work and be a registered social worker. These posts are subject to a DBS (formerly Enhanced Criminal Records Bureau) Disclosure. For full information regarding this vacancy, and to apply online, please visit www.pembrokeshire.gov.uk or click Apply Now Closing date: 8th February 2013. We reserve the right to close this vacancy at any time. We therefore encourage early application to ensure consideration for the post." "['social', 'opportunities', 'social', 'workers', 'learning', 'disability', 'older', 'adults', 'physical', 'disabilities', 'teams', 'pembrokeshire', 'beautiful', 'places', 'country', 'live', 'whilst', 'authorities', 'cutting', 'back', 'pembrokeshire', 'county', 'council', 'making', 'substantial', 'investment', 'additional', 'social', 'workers', 'senior', 'practitioners', 'intended', 'make', 'front', 'line', 'practitioners', 'alongside', 'set', 'pay', 'structure', 'makes', 'social', 'workers', 'line', 'managers', 'paid', 'region', 'possess', 'relevant', 'qualification', 'social', 'registered', 'social', 'worker', 'posts', 'subject', 'dbs', 'enhanced', 'criminal', 'records', 'bureau', 'disclosure', 'salaries', 'include', 'payment', 'market', 'subject', 'pay', 'review', 'possess', 'relevant', 'qualification', 'social', 'registered', 'social', 'worker', 'posts', 'subject', 'dbs', 'enhanced', 'criminal', 'records', 'bureau', 'disclosure', 'information', 'vacancy', 'online', 'visit', 'www', 'pembrokeshire', 'gov', 'click', 'closing', 'date', 'february', 'close', 'vacancy', 'time', 'encourage', 'early', 'application', 'consideration', 'post']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Accounts Support Consultant  Legal Software
Webindex: 64587110
Company: Code Blue Recruitment
Description: Legal Software Accounts Support Consultant Essential skills / qualifications / qualities A background in either legal cashiering, or legal accounts software support At least 12 months working knowledge of solicitors accounting rules (SAR) Residing within easy travelling distance of Bradford office Job Title Accounts Support Consultant Reporting to Accounts Support Team Leader Salary range ****k  ****k, dependent upon skills and experience Job description You will join my clients growing Support both with clients and colleagues. A confident and assertive nature will be required on occasions, as will an appreciation of the urgency and importance of the companies clients needs. A dynamic approach to problemsolving is particularly valuable. Knowledge of Microsoft software and IT in general is desirable, but the role does not depend on indepth technical knowledge. Full training will be given on Proclaim software" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00330.txt " Accounts Support Consultant  Legal Software" " 64587110" " Code Blue Recruitment" " Legal Software Accounts Support Consultant Essential skills / qualifications / qualities A background in either legal cashiering, or legal accounts software support At least 12 months working knowledge of solicitors accounting rules (SAR) Residing within easy travelling distance of Bradford office Job Title Accounts Support Consultant Reporting to Accounts Support Team Leader Salary range ****k  ****k, dependent upon skills and experience Job description You will join my clients growing Support both with clients and colleagues. A confident and assertive nature will be required on occasions, as will an appreciation of the urgency and importance of the companies clients needs. A dynamic approach to problemsolving is particularly valuable. Knowledge of Microsoft software and IT in general is desirable, but the role does not depend on indepth technical knowledge. Full training will be given on Proclaim software" "['legal', 'software', 'accounts', 'consultant', 'essential', 'qualifications', 'qualities', 'background', 'legal', 'cashiering', 'legal', 'accounts', 'software', 'months', 'solicitors', 'accounting', 'rules', 'easy', 'travelling', 'distance', 'bradford', 'office', 'title', 'accounts', 'consultant', 'reporting', 'accounts', 'leader', 'range', 'dependent', 'description', 'growing', 'colleagues', 'confident', 'assertive', 'nature', 'occasions', 'appreciation', 'importance', 'companies', 'dynamic', 'approach', 'problemsolving', 'valuable', 'microsoft', 'software', 'general', 'desirable', 'depend', 'indepth', 'technical', 'software']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Manufacturing Quality Engineer Electronics
Webindex: 68548006
Company: Intech Recruitment Ltd
Description: Manufacturing Quality Engineer ****  ****  excellent benefits Cambridgeshire A leading PCB manufacturer and assembler in Cambridgeshire now require the services of an experienced Manufacturing / Quality Engineer on a permanent basis to assist with current and future projects. Please be advised that I am only seeking applications from experienced manufacturing / quality engineers who have an electronics bias of at least 8090%. The successful Manufacturing Quality Engineer will be responsible for improving the quality assurance and manufacturing process improvement of all aspects of PCB manufacturing and assembly (PCBA). This will include; overseeing and performing the inspection of company products and electronic sub assemblies, the management and control of relevant documentation and managing nonconformances, liaising on a regular basis with customers and suppliers regarding non conformances and putting procedures in place to reduce and eradicate these issues. A strong Quality Assurance based background in electronics production / manufacturing / assembly and test is essential for this role as you will be required to undertake electronic / PCB root cause analysis testing and undertake faultfinding on failed PCBA’s and any other electromechanical sub assemblies. As this organisation runs a very lean manufacturing culture, you will also be expected to be involved in any process improvement projects in relation to Quality Assurance and lean manufacturing. Suitable candidates will be educated to at least a HNC in electronics and have strong recent quality assurance experience working for an electronics manufacturer / PCBA. There will be a written and practical test at interview stage to determine your electronics experience. The role could also involve supervisory responsibilities where determined. Minimum background required:  •5 years practical work experience in an electronic PCBA / manufacturing environment •The ability to undertake root cause analysis and faultfinding on electronic PCB’s and electronic assemblies and suggest process improvements •Practical work experience as a Quality / Manufacturing / Production Engineer in an electronics manufacturing / assembly environment •Experienced in managing quality data and nonconformances •Educated to a HNC in Electronics as a minimal (Electronics test at interview) For more information and to apply for this position, please send your CV with a covering email to explain why you feel you should be considered for this post. By sending us your CV you are explicitly consenting to our processing of your personal data on a computer database for the purpose of evaluating your application for employment. This processing will be carried out in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act **** By applying for this role you hereby consent to us to finding you work on your behalf. If you do not wish your CV to be sent to our client then you must clearly state this to us. iNTECH Recruitment act as both an employment agency for all permanent positions and as an employment business for temporary contract positions. Skill words: Quality, QA, assurance, electronic, test, inspection, supplier, audit, conformance, engineer, root, cause, route, analysis, PCB, printed circuit board, PCBA, NIC, motherboard, circuit, manufacturing, production, technician, assemble, assembly, engineer Please note: All calls are recorded for training, quality and business purposes." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00187.txt " Manufacturing Quality Engineer Electronics" " 68548006" " Intech Recruitment Ltd" " Manufacturing Quality Engineer ****  ****  excellent benefits Cambridgeshire A leading PCB manufacturer and assembler in Cambridgeshire now require the services of an experienced Manufacturing / Quality Engineer on a permanent basis to assist with current and future projects. Please be advised that I am only seeking applications from experienced manufacturing / quality engineers who have an electronics bias of at least 8090%. The successful Manufacturing Quality Engineer will be responsible for improving the quality assurance and manufacturing process improvement of all aspects of PCB manufacturing and assembly (PCBA). This will include; overseeing and performing the inspection of company products and electronic sub assemblies, the management and control of relevant documentation and managing nonconformances, liaising on a regular basis with customers and suppliers regarding non conformances and putting procedures in place to reduce and eradicate these issues. A strong Quality Assurance based background in electronics production / manufacturing / assembly and test is essential for this role as you will be required to undertake electronic / PCB root cause analysis testing and undertake faultfinding on failed PCBA’s and any other electromechanical sub assemblies. As this organisation runs a very lean manufacturing culture, you will also be expected to be involved in any process improvement projects in relation to Quality Assurance and lean manufacturing. Suitable candidates will be educated to at least a HNC in electronics and have strong recent quality assurance experience working for an electronics manufacturer / PCBA. There will be a written and practical test at interview stage to determine your electronics experience. The role could also involve supervisory responsibilities where determined. Minimum background required:  •5 years practical work experience in an electronic PCBA / manufacturing environment •The ability to undertake root cause analysis and faultfinding on electronic PCB’s and electronic assemblies and suggest process improvements •Practical work experience as a Quality / Manufacturing / Production Engineer in an electronics manufacturing / assembly environment •Experienced in managing quality data and nonconformances •Educated to a HNC in Electronics as a minimal (Electronics test at interview) For more information and to apply for this position, please send your CV with a covering email to explain why you feel you should be considered for this post. By sending us your CV you are explicitly consenting to our processing of your personal data on a computer database for the purpose of evaluating your application for employment. This processing will be carried out in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act **** By applying for this role you hereby consent to us to finding you work on your behalf. If you do not wish your CV to be sent to our client then you must clearly state this to us. iNTECH Recruitment act as both an employment agency for all permanent positions and as an employment business for temporary contract positions. Skill words: Quality, QA, assurance, electronic, test, inspection, supplier, audit, conformance, engineer, root, cause, route, analysis, PCB, printed circuit board, PCBA, NIC, motherboard, circuit, manufacturing, production, technician, assemble, assembly, engineer Please note: All calls are recorded for training, quality and business purposes." "['manufacturing', 'quality', 'benefits', 'cambridgeshire', 'pcb', 'manufacturer', 'assembler', 'cambridgeshire', 'require', 'experienced', 'manufacturing', 'quality', 'permanent', 'basis', 'assist', 'current', 'future', 'projects', 'advised', 'seeking', 'applications', 'experienced', 'manufacturing', 'quality', 'engineers', 'electronics', 'bias', 'manufacturing', 'quality', 'responsible', 'improving', 'quality', 'assurance', 'manufacturing', 'process', 'improvement', 'aspects', 'pcb', 'manufacturing', 'assembly', 'pcba', 'include', 'overseeing', 'performing', 'inspection', 'products', 'electronic', 'assemblies', 'control', 'relevant', 'documentation', 'managing', 'nonconformances', 'liaising', 'regular', 'basis', 'customers', 'suppliers', 'putting', 'procedures', 'place', 'reduce', 'issues', 'quality', 'assurance', 'background', 'electronics', 'production', 'manufacturing', 'assembly', 'test', 'essential', 'undertake', 'electronic', 'pcb', 'root', 'analysis', 'testing', 'undertake', 'faultfinding', 'pcba', 'electromechanical', 'assemblies', 'organisation', 'runs', 'lean', 'manufacturing', 'culture', 'expected', 'involved', 'process', 'improvement', 'projects', 'relation', 'quality', 'assurance', 'lean', 'manufacturing', 'suitable', 'candidates', 'educated', 'hnc', 'electronics', 'recent', 'quality', 'assurance', 'electronics', 'manufacturer', 'pcba', 'written', 'practical', 'test', 'interview', 'stage', 'determine', 'electronics', 'involve', 'supervisory', 'responsibilities', 'determined', 'minimum', 'background', 'years', 'practical', 'electronic', 'pcba', 'manufacturing', 'environment', 'undertake', 'root', 'analysis', 'faultfinding', 'electronic', 'pcb', 'electronic', 'assemblies', 'suggest', 'process', 'improvements', 'practical', 'quality', 'manufacturing', 'production', 'electronics', 'manufacturing', 'assembly', 'environment', 'experienced', 'managing', 'quality', 'data', 'nonconformances', 'educated', 'hnc', 'electronics', 'minimal', 'electronics', 'test', 'interview', 'information', 'send', 'cv', 'covering', 'email', 'explain', 'feel', 'considered', 'post', 'sending', 'cv', 'explicitly', 'consenting', 'processing', 'personal', 'data', 'computer', 'database', 'purpose', 'evaluating', 'application', 'employment', 'processing', 'carried', 'accordance', 'data', 'protection', 'act', 'applying', 'consent', 'finding', 'behalf', 'cv', 'state', 'intech', 'act', 'employment', 'agency', 'permanent', 'positions', 'employment', 'temporary', 'contract', 'positions', 'skill', 'words', 'quality', 'qa', 'assurance', 'electronic', 'test', 'inspection', 'supplier', 'audit', 'root', 'route', 'analysis', 'pcb', 'printed', 'circuit', 'board', 'pcba', 'nic', 'motherboard', 'circuit', 'manufacturing', 'production', 'technician', 'assembly', 'note', 'calls', 'recorded', 'quality', 'purposes']" Engineering
"Title: Senior Quant Analyst  Models Calibration
Webindex: 69931225
Company: Real
Description: An opportunity for Experienced Quantitative Analysts is now available with an international banking organization based here in the City. Working on the models calibration team you will be responsible for the development of an independent model library used by the business for the pricing of Equity and Commodities derivative contracts. You will be verifying new trades, and calibrating models to ensure a consistent valuation of trading books in the equity and/or commodities markets. We are looking for a candidate with an expert knowledge of derivative pricing models and valuation processes. You will have experience with development of trading tools and/or software interfacing. We need candidates to have a strong grasp of C++ coding and development methods. You will need to have experience in Equity and/or Commodity markets derivatives, there is no preference which product set you know however. You will have a quantitative degree and ideally some sort of financial education also. This role offers the chance to develop a career with one of theUK s largest banking institutions. You will be developing cutting edge solutions and delivering value in this mission critical department. Apply online or call Richard Smith on (Apply online only) for more details of this exciting opportunity. To find out more about Real please visit (url removed)" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00362.txt " Senior Quant Analyst  Models Calibration" " 69931225" " Real" " An opportunity for Experienced Quantitative Analysts is now available with an international banking organization based here in the City. Working on the models calibration team you will be responsible for the development of an independent model library used by the business for the pricing of Equity and Commodities derivative contracts. You will be verifying new trades, and calibrating models to ensure a consistent valuation of trading books in the equity and/or commodities markets. We are looking for a candidate with an expert knowledge of derivative pricing models and valuation processes. You will have experience with development of trading tools and/or software interfacing. We need candidates to have a strong grasp of C++ coding and development methods. You will need to have experience in Equity and/or Commodity markets derivatives, there is no preference which product set you know however. You will have a quantitative degree and ideally some sort of financial education also. This role offers the chance to develop a career with one of theUK s largest banking institutions. You will be developing cutting edge solutions and delivering value in this mission critical department. Apply online or call Richard Smith on (Apply online only) for more details of this exciting opportunity. To find out more about Real please visit (url removed)" "['experienced', 'quantitative', 'analysts', 'international', 'banking', 'organization', 'city', 'models', 'calibration', 'responsible', 'independent', 'model', 'library', 'pricing', 'equity', 'commodities', 'derivative', 'contracts', 'trades', 'calibrating', 'models', 'consistent', 'valuation', 'trading', 'books', 'equity', 'commodities', 'markets', 'expert', 'derivative', 'pricing', 'models', 'valuation', 'processes', 'trading', 'tools', 'software', 'interfacing', 'candidates', 'grasp', 'coding', 'methods', 'equity', 'commodity', 'markets', 'derivatives', 'preference', 'product', 'set', 'quantitative', 'degree', 'ideally', 'education', 'offers', 'chance', 'develop', 'career', 'theuk', 'largest', 'banking', 'institutions', 'developing', 'cutting', 'edge', 'solutions', 'delivering', 'mission', 'critical', 'department', 'online', 'call', 'richard', 'smith', 'online', 'details', 'exciting', 'find', 'real', 'visit', 'url', 'removed']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Collection Advisor, Credit Management
Webindex: 71708131
Description: Position : Collection Advisors, Credit Management Location : Gloucestershire Cheltenham Salary : ****  **** basic (Increasing Basic as Fees generated increase)  Individual Bonus  Team Bonus  Incentives The Company Established in 197****, our client is one of the largest credit management companies in the U.K. Their head office is situated in Cheltenham and they have 3 further offices located in Glasgow, Belfast & Dublin. Due to further expansion they are now recruiting for Collection Advisors in Cheltenham Town Centre. This is an exciting opportunity to work for a forward thinking organisation. Role requirements: Target focused with a strong desire to achieve and succeed. Contacting customers to review negotiate and manage the outstanding debt in a proactive and professional manner. Arrange full and part repayment plans. Have at least **** month`s experience in Debt Collection, Credit Control, Client Advisory role or Telesales. This role offers good basic salary, excellent commissions, and incentives. Good career prospects. Good office hours, no weekend work and excellent working conditions. If interested in this position, simply apply via the button shown." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00255.txt " Collection Advisor, Credit Management" " 71708131"  " Position : Collection Advisors, Credit Management Location : Gloucestershire Cheltenham Salary : ****  **** basic (Increasing Basic as Fees generated increase)  Individual Bonus  Team Bonus  Incentives The Company Established in 197****, our client is one of the largest credit management companies in the U.K. Their head office is situated in Cheltenham and they have 3 further offices located in Glasgow, Belfast & Dublin. Due to further expansion they are now recruiting for Collection Advisors in Cheltenham Town Centre. This is an exciting opportunity to work for a forward thinking organisation. Role requirements: Target focused with a strong desire to achieve and succeed. Contacting customers to review negotiate and manage the outstanding debt in a proactive and professional manner. Arrange full and part repayment plans. Have at least **** month`s experience in Debt Collection, Credit Control, Client Advisory role or Telesales. This role offers good basic salary, excellent commissions, and incentives. Good career prospects. Good office hours, no weekend work and excellent working conditions. If interested in this position, simply apply via the button shown." "['collection', 'advisors', 'credit', 'location', 'gloucestershire', 'cheltenham', 'basic', 'increasing', 'basic', 'fees', 'generated', 'increase', 'individual', 'bonus', 'bonus', 'incentives', 'established', 'largest', 'credit', 'companies', 'head', 'office', 'situated', 'cheltenham', 'offices', 'located', 'glasgow', 'belfast', 'dublin', 'due', 'expansion', 'recruiting', 'collection', 'advisors', 'cheltenham', 'town', 'centre', 'exciting', 'forward', 'thinking', 'organisation', 'requirements', 'target', 'focused', 'desire', 'achieve', 'succeed', 'contacting', 'customers', 'review', 'negotiate', 'manage', 'outstanding', 'debt', 'proactive', 'professional', 'manner', 'arrange', 'part', 'plans', 'month', 'debt', 'collection', 'credit', 'control', 'advisory', 'telesales', 'offers', 'basic', 'commissions', 'incentives', 'career', 'prospects', 'office', 'hours', 'weekend', 'conditions', 'interested', 'simply', 'button', 'shown']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Sales Development Manager
Webindex: 68806418
Company: Selection Group Ltd
Description: Sales Development Manager  Circa ****k plus excellent bonus, car allowance, pension etc. This is a home based role based anywhere in England. Working for a fast growing manufacturer of high quality printed packaging predominately into the food and beverage markets. This role is to assume responsibility for an exciting new area of the business focusing on the alcohol, spirits and whisky sectors. The Company This manufacturer of printed packaging is a fairly new player within what is an established market and in just under 15 years it has grown to in excess of 40million per annum. The company boasts state of the art facilities that are a result of constant investment based on both the market and its client s needs. There is another 5million of planned investment over the next 12 months that has led to the creation of this new position within the business. The company predominantly sells into the food beverage sector with a focus on RRP for the wine, spirits and food sectors (poultry, snacks, fresh produce) but is also making inroads into other world class markets. With a highly skilled and loyal workforce, everyone feels a part of the business and the company is what I would define as an extremely modern plant. In order to continue the growth of the business, the company is now looking for a Sales Manager to develop the spirit and whisky markets. The Role Reporting to the Sales Director, your role will initially be to develop sales focusing on the Whisky and Spirit markets. Due to the new investment into a superb new multimillion machine, you will take this new, high quality product offering to both existing accounts within the business and into these new markets. To start with, you will strategically target certain companies, many of which already are aware and have high opinions and a very credible view of this business, with the aim of developing new business and introducing the new product line. All business wins will become key accounts that you will then manage. Due to the fact you will become the pioneer within the business for this product, success and dedication could potentially open up management opportunities. This is an excellent role within an ambitious and extremely successful business. The Applicant The ideal candidate will have a background of developing new business and managing accounts within the food or beverage packaging sectors. Knowledge of the Whisky/Spirits sector would be a huge advantage but not a prerequisite. However, the company is looking for someone who has sold a form of printed packaging (flexible, carton board, labels etc.) into the above sectors. As well being a commercially strong Sales person, a background in production or design would aid what is a technical and design led sell. A combination of both commercial and design/technical would be of great interest. An understanding of print is important. If you are passionate, focused and ambitious then this role could open up excellent opportunities in the future. Please forward your CV to andy.kilfoyleselectiongroup.co.uk or call **** **** (0)**** **** **** Andy has 10 years experience recruiting Sales Professionals within the UK European Packaging sector focusing on salaries up to ****k per annum. Even if this role is not for you please call for a confidential chat and to discuss further opportunities." 3 data/Sales\Job_00688.txt " Sales Development Manager" " 68806418" " Selection Group Ltd" " Sales Development Manager  Circa ****k plus excellent bonus, car allowance, pension etc. This is a home based role based anywhere in England. Working for a fast growing manufacturer of high quality printed packaging predominately into the food and beverage markets. This role is to assume responsibility for an exciting new area of the business focusing on the alcohol, spirits and whisky sectors. The Company This manufacturer of printed packaging is a fairly new player within what is an established market and in just under 15 years it has grown to in excess of 40million per annum. The company boasts state of the art facilities that are a result of constant investment based on both the market and its client s needs. There is another 5million of planned investment over the next 12 months that has led to the creation of this new position within the business. The company predominantly sells into the food beverage sector with a focus on RRP for the wine, spirits and food sectors (poultry, snacks, fresh produce) but is also making inroads into other world class markets. With a highly skilled and loyal workforce, everyone feels a part of the business and the company is what I would define as an extremely modern plant. In order to continue the growth of the business, the company is now looking for a Sales Manager to develop the spirit and whisky markets. The Role Reporting to the Sales Director, your role will initially be to develop sales focusing on the Whisky and Spirit markets. Due to the new investment into a superb new multimillion machine, you will take this new, high quality product offering to both existing accounts within the business and into these new markets. To start with, you will strategically target certain companies, many of which already are aware and have high opinions and a very credible view of this business, with the aim of developing new business and introducing the new product line. All business wins will become key accounts that you will then manage. Due to the fact you will become the pioneer within the business for this product, success and dedication could potentially open up management opportunities. This is an excellent role within an ambitious and extremely successful business. The Applicant The ideal candidate will have a background of developing new business and managing accounts within the food or beverage packaging sectors. Knowledge of the Whisky/Spirits sector would be a huge advantage but not a prerequisite. However, the company is looking for someone who has sold a form of printed packaging (flexible, carton board, labels etc.) into the above sectors. As well being a commercially strong Sales person, a background in production or design would aid what is a technical and design led sell. A combination of both commercial and design/technical would be of great interest. An understanding of print is important. If you are passionate, focused and ambitious then this role could open up excellent opportunities in the future. Please forward your CV to andy.kilfoyleselectiongroup.co.uk or call **** **** (0)**** **** **** Andy has 10 years experience recruiting Sales Professionals within the UK European Packaging sector focusing on salaries up to ****k per annum. Even if this role is not for you please call for a confidential chat and to discuss further opportunities." "['circa', 'bonus', 'car', 'allowance', 'pension', 'england', 'fast', 'growing', 'manufacturer', 'quality', 'printed', 'packaging', 'predominately', 'food', 'beverage', 'markets', 'assume', 'responsibility', 'exciting', 'area', 'focusing', 'alcohol', 'spirits', 'whisky', 'sectors', 'manufacturer', 'printed', 'packaging', 'fairly', 'player', 'established', 'market', 'years', 'grown', 'excess', 'million', 'annum', 'boasts', 'state', 'art', 'facilities', 'result', 'constant', 'investment', 'market', 'million', 'planned', 'investment', 'months', 'led', 'creation', 'predominantly', 'sells', 'food', 'beverage', 'sector', 'focus', 'wine', 'spirits', 'food', 'sectors', 'snacks', 'fresh', 'produce', 'making', 'world', 'class', 'markets', 'highly', 'skilled', 'loyal', 'workforce', 'feels', 'part', 'define', 'extremely', 'modern', 'plant', 'order', 'continue', 'growth', 'develop', 'spirit', 'whisky', 'markets', 'reporting', 'director', 'initially', 'develop', 'focusing', 'whisky', 'spirit', 'markets', 'due', 'investment', 'superb', 'multimillion', 'machine', 'quality', 'product', 'offering', 'existing', 'accounts', 'markets', 'start', 'strategically', 'target', 'companies', 'aware', 'opinions', 'credible', 'view', 'aim', 'developing', 'introducing', 'product', 'line', 'wins', 'key', 'accounts', 'manage', 'due', 'fact', 'pioneer', 'product', 'success', 'dedication', 'potentially', 'open', 'opportunities', 'ambitious', 'extremely', 'applicant', 'ideal', 'background', 'developing', 'managing', 'accounts', 'food', 'beverage', 'packaging', 'sectors', 'whisky', 'spirits', 'sector', 'huge', 'advantage', 'sold', 'form', 'printed', 'packaging', 'flexible', 'board', 'sectors', 'commercially', 'person', 'background', 'production', 'aid', 'technical', 'led', 'sell', 'combination', 'commercial', 'technical', 'great', 'interest', 'understanding', 'print', 'important', 'passionate', 'focused', 'ambitious', 'open', 'opportunities', 'future', 'forward', 'cv', 'andy', 'call', 'andy', 'years', 'recruiting', 'professionals', 'european', 'packaging', 'sector', 'focusing', 'salaries', 'annum', 'call', 'confidential', 'chat', 'discuss', 'opportunities']" Sales
"Title: Registered Nurse  Ashford  Ashford
Webindex: 71602572
Company: London4Jobs
Description: Staff Nurse  Ashford ****k I have an excellent opportunity for a Registered Nurse to join a leading and developing care organisation with Nursing Homes and Hospitals across the UK. A Staff Nurse post has become available in their medium sized centre in Ashford which provides nursing care for those with Acquired Brain Injury and Rehabilitation. The Role: Assessments of care needs Planning and delivering individual care Assisting your clinical and support team Safe administration and dispensing of medication Ensuring a high standard or care is provided at all times Continuation of developing your skills and knowledge Candidate Requirements: Valid Nursing PIN RGN qualification Excellent communication skills Great references 12 months  previous nursing home experience This is an excellent opportunity to join an organisation that will continue to develop and provide support for their staff`s development. For more information to to apply please contact Steph on N/A or email your CV to steph.h.a****lgi****kva****e N/A" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00556.txt " Registered Nurse  Ashford  Ashford" " 71602572" " London4Jobs" " Staff Nurse  Ashford ****k I have an excellent opportunity for a Registered Nurse to join a leading and developing care organisation with Nursing Homes and Hospitals across the UK. A Staff Nurse post has become available in their medium sized centre in Ashford which provides nursing care for those with Acquired Brain Injury and Rehabilitation. The Role: Assessments of care needs Planning and delivering individual care Assisting your clinical and support team Safe administration and dispensing of medication Ensuring a high standard or care is provided at all times Continuation of developing your skills and knowledge Candidate Requirements: Valid Nursing PIN RGN qualification Excellent communication skills Great references 12 months  previous nursing home experience This is an excellent opportunity to join an organisation that will continue to develop and provide support for their staff`s development. For more information to to apply please contact Steph on N/A or email your CV to steph.h.a****lgi****kva****e N/A" "['nurse', 'ashford', 'registered', 'nurse', 'developing', 'organisation', 'nursing', 'homes', 'hospitals', 'nurse', 'post', 'medium', 'sized', 'centre', 'ashford', 'nursing', 'acquired', 'brain', 'injury', 'rehabilitation', 'assessments', 'planning', 'delivering', 'individual', 'assisting', 'clinical', 'safe', 'administration', 'dispensing', 'medication', 'ensuring', 'standard', 'provided', 'times', 'developing', 'requirements', 'valid', 'nursing', 'pin', 'rgn', 'qualification', 'communication', 'great', 'references', 'months', 'previous', 'nursing', 'organisation', 'continue', 'develop', 'information', 'contact', 'steph', 'email', 'cv', 'steph', 'lgi']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Systems Engineer  Defence
Webindex: 72697019
Company: Logical Personel Solutions Ltd
Description: Title: Systems Engineer  Defence/Aerospace Location: Cheltenham Salary: ****K  benefits Company Our client is a leading Engineering organisation that is involved with the production, development and support of high specification Electronics products. They work across the Defence, Military and Aerospace sectors. They strive to provide engineering excellence to all of their clients. Role description Our client currently has opportunities for Systems Engineers to support the development of the next generation of worldwide integrated power management and distribution systems for the defence sector. You will be expected to provide systems engineering support to the development and verification of power management and distribution systems, including safety critical elements. Duties will include:  Development of solutions for the military and aerospace industries following a systems engineering approach.  Capture and develop customer requirements into realisable product requirements.  Production of design specifications and solutions ensuring design quality and performance.  Development of product verification plans and procedures to allow detailed product integration and verification activities.  Understanding the needs of the all project stakeholders and actively managing their expectations to ensure successful project delivery.  Preparation of technical proposals including estimations and presentations. Requirements skills Ideally you will have experience in the following:  Experience of Systems Engineering and Systems Engineering processes  Requirements capture and requirements management  Experience in Stakeholder management  Experience of safety critical solution development  Ideally experienced in coordination and technical leadership of a multidiscipline project team to develop and deliver complex solutions.  Development of system architectural presentations  Microsoft Office inc Visio  DOORs  Configuration Management Tools For further information on this opportunity please contact Andy Cooper at Logical Personnel Solutions on **** **** or email andy.cooperlogicalps.com This vacancy is being advertised by Logical Personnel Solutions Limited. The services advertised by Logical Personnel Solutions Limited are those of an Employment Agency." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00180.txt " Systems Engineer  Defence" " 72697019" " Logical Personel Solutions Ltd" " Title: Systems Engineer  Defence/Aerospace Location: Cheltenham Salary: ****K  benefits Company Our client is a leading Engineering organisation that is involved with the production, development and support of high specification Electronics products. They work across the Defence, Military and Aerospace sectors. They strive to provide engineering excellence to all of their clients. Role description Our client currently has opportunities for Systems Engineers to support the development of the next generation of worldwide integrated power management and distribution systems for the defence sector. You will be expected to provide systems engineering support to the development and verification of power management and distribution systems, including safety critical elements. Duties will include:  Development of solutions for the military and aerospace industries following a systems engineering approach.  Capture and develop customer requirements into realisable product requirements.  Production of design specifications and solutions ensuring design quality and performance.  Development of product verification plans and procedures to allow detailed product integration and verification activities.  Understanding the needs of the all project stakeholders and actively managing their expectations to ensure successful project delivery.  Preparation of technical proposals including estimations and presentations. Requirements skills Ideally you will have experience in the following:  Experience of Systems Engineering and Systems Engineering processes  Requirements capture and requirements management  Experience in Stakeholder management  Experience of safety critical solution development  Ideally experienced in coordination and technical leadership of a multidiscipline project team to develop and deliver complex solutions.  Development of system architectural presentations  Microsoft Office inc Visio  DOORs  Configuration Management Tools For further information on this opportunity please contact Andy Cooper at Logical Personnel Solutions on **** **** or email andy.cooperlogicalps.com This vacancy is being advertised by Logical Personnel Solutions Limited. The services advertised by Logical Personnel Solutions Limited are those of an Employment Agency." "['title', 'defence', 'aerospace', 'location', 'cheltenham', 'benefits', 'organisation', 'involved', 'production', 'specification', 'electronics', 'products', 'defence', 'military', 'aerospace', 'sectors', 'strive', 'excellence', 'description', 'opportunities', 'engineers', 'generation', 'worldwide', 'integrated', 'power', 'distribution', 'defence', 'sector', 'expected', 'verification', 'power', 'distribution', 'safety', 'critical', 'elements', 'duties', 'include', 'solutions', 'military', 'aerospace', 'industries', 'approach', 'capture', 'develop', 'requirements', 'product', 'requirements', 'production', 'specifications', 'solutions', 'ensuring', 'quality', 'performance', 'product', 'verification', 'plans', 'procedures', 'detailed', 'product', 'integration', 'verification', 'activities', 'understanding', 'project', 'stakeholders', 'actively', 'managing', 'expectations', 'project', 'delivery', 'preparation', 'technical', 'proposals', 'presentations', 'requirements', 'ideally', 'processes', 'requirements', 'capture', 'requirements', 'stakeholder', 'safety', 'critical', 'solution', 'ideally', 'experienced', 'coordination', 'technical', 'leadership', 'project', 'develop', 'deliver', 'complex', 'solutions', 'system', 'architectural', 'presentations', 'microsoft', 'office', 'visio', 'doors', 'configuration', 'tools', 'information', 'contact', 'andy', 'cooper', 'logical', 'personnel', 'solutions', 'email', 'andy', 'vacancy', 'advertised', 'logical', 'personnel', 'solutions', 'limited', 'advertised', 'logical', 'personnel', 'solutions', 'limited', 'employment', 'agency']" Engineering
"Title: RGN Staff Nurse  Southampton
Webindex: 70474220
Company: Eclypse Recruitment
Description: Registered General Nurses for Acquired Brain Injury Service Southampton, Hampshire **** per hour  ****6 hours per week Day Shifts Eclypse Recruitment is currently looking to recruit a full time RGN for a small Acquired Brain Injury Nursing Home in Southampton, Hampshire. The nursing home caters for a range of related ABI conditions and the service promotes a real multidisciplinary approach employing Staff Nurses, Physiotherapists & specialist therapist & carers to really enhance the level of care in the service. We are looking for a full time Registered General Nurse to join the service to work full time on days shifts. You will be working long shifts and we need a nurse to work 3 long days a week. We are looking for a Staff Nurse who has the following skills and experiences: •A minimum of 12 months post registered experience •A desire to work with adults who suffer from Acquired Brain Injuries •Ideally some previous experience working with ABI, although this is not essential •Must have an active NMC registration •Must have a clear CRB We are keen to speak with all Registered General Nurses in the Southampton area of Hampshire to work in this lovely service The salary is **** per hour on a 36 hour week so you will earn circa **** as a full time staff nurse in this Acquired Brain Injury Service in Southampton, Hampshire For more information on this nursing role please contact Becky at Eclypse Recruitment today" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00513.txt " RGN Staff Nurse  Southampton" " 70474220" " Eclypse Recruitment" " Registered General Nurses for Acquired Brain Injury Service Southampton, Hampshire **** per hour  ****6 hours per week Day Shifts Eclypse Recruitment is currently looking to recruit a full time RGN for a small Acquired Brain Injury Nursing Home in Southampton, Hampshire. The nursing home caters for a range of related ABI conditions and the service promotes a real multidisciplinary approach employing Staff Nurses, Physiotherapists & specialist therapist & carers to really enhance the level of care in the service. We are looking for a full time Registered General Nurse to join the service to work full time on days shifts. You will be working long shifts and we need a nurse to work 3 long days a week. We are looking for a Staff Nurse who has the following skills and experiences: •A minimum of 12 months post registered experience •A desire to work with adults who suffer from Acquired Brain Injuries •Ideally some previous experience working with ABI, although this is not essential •Must have an active NMC registration •Must have a clear CRB We are keen to speak with all Registered General Nurses in the Southampton area of Hampshire to work in this lovely service The salary is **** per hour on a 36 hour week so you will earn circa **** as a full time staff nurse in this Acquired Brain Injury Service in Southampton, Hampshire For more information on this nursing role please contact Becky at Eclypse Recruitment today" "['registered', 'general', 'nurses', 'acquired', 'brain', 'injury', 'southampton', 'hampshire', 'hour', 'hours', 'week', 'day', 'shifts', 'eclypse', 'recruit', 'time', 'rgn', 'small', 'acquired', 'brain', 'injury', 'nursing', 'southampton', 'hampshire', 'nursing', 'caters', 'range', 'related', 'abi', 'conditions', 'promotes', 'real', 'multidisciplinary', 'approach', 'employing', 'nurses', 'specialist', 'therapist', 'carers', 'enhance', 'level', 'time', 'registered', 'general', 'nurse', 'time', 'days', 'shifts', 'long', 'shifts', 'nurse', 'long', 'days', 'week', 'nurse', 'experiences', 'minimum', 'months', 'post', 'registered', 'desire', 'adults', 'acquired', 'brain', 'injuries', 'ideally', 'previous', 'abi', 'essential', 'active', 'nmc', 'registration', 'clear', 'crb', 'keen', 'speak', 'registered', 'general', 'nurses', 'southampton', 'area', 'hampshire', 'lovely', 'hour', 'hour', 'week', 'earn', 'circa', 'time', 'nurse', 'acquired', 'brain', 'injury', 'southampton', 'hampshire', 'information', 'nursing', 'contact', 'becky', 'eclypse', 'today']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Electronics Engineer  Product Design
Webindex: 66673865
Company: Oho Group
Description: Seeking bright, ambitious engineers for a very successful product design consultancy to create, analyse and develop new technologies. The group solve complex problems using worldclass electronics, software and systems engineering skills on a number of wide ranging projects which involve a combination of: Analogue design (transistor level, and device level designs), high speed digital (microcontroller, DSP, FPGA etc), power electronics, ultralow power design techniques; Signal / image processing, feedback control including robotics, algorithm development and implementation; Safetycritical, including medical, software design. Successful candidates will be expected to make a solid contribution to a group with core business in patient care devices, manufacturing systems and surgical technology. We expect candidates to have a **** or above from a top University in a relevant engineering discipline, for example an electronics, combined science with electronics, applied mathematics (or similar) degree. Also required: Software development experience in C, C++, preferably an understanding of object orientated design; Electronics design experience; Prior experience working within multidisciplinary teams, contributing to physical product development and multitasking across projects. For Immediate review please email apply.a****uskv****oho.aptrack.co Keywords: Analogue, Digital, PCB, Engineering, Electronic, Embedded, Microcontroller, Microprocessor, Interfaces, Sensors, Algorithm Development, FPGA, DSP, Design, Consultancy, Product Design" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00193.txt " Electronics Engineer  Product Design" " 66673865" " Oho Group" " Seeking bright, ambitious engineers for a very successful product design consultancy to create, analyse and develop new technologies. The group solve complex problems using worldclass electronics, software and systems engineering skills on a number of wide ranging projects which involve a combination of: Analogue design (transistor level, and device level designs), high speed digital (microcontroller, DSP, FPGA etc), power electronics, ultralow power design techniques; Signal / image processing, feedback control including robotics, algorithm development and implementation; Safetycritical, including medical, software design. Successful candidates will be expected to make a solid contribution to a group with core business in patient care devices, manufacturing systems and surgical technology. We expect candidates to have a **** or above from a top University in a relevant engineering discipline, for example an electronics, combined science with electronics, applied mathematics (or similar) degree. Also required: Software development experience in C, C++, preferably an understanding of object orientated design; Electronics design experience; Prior experience working within multidisciplinary teams, contributing to physical product development and multitasking across projects. For Immediate review please email apply.a****uskv****oho.aptrack.co Keywords: Analogue, Digital, PCB, Engineering, Electronic, Embedded, Microcontroller, Microprocessor, Interfaces, Sensors, Algorithm Development, FPGA, DSP, Design, Consultancy, Product Design" "['seeking', 'bright', 'ambitious', 'engineers', 'product', 'consultancy', 'create', 'analyse', 'develop', 'technologies', 'group', 'solve', 'complex', 'problems', 'worldclass', 'electronics', 'software', 'number', 'wide', 'ranging', 'projects', 'involve', 'combination', 'analogue', 'level', 'device', 'level', 'designs', 'speed', 'digital', 'microcontroller', 'dsp', 'fpga', 'power', 'electronics', 'power', 'techniques', 'signal', 'image', 'processing', 'feedback', 'control', 'robotics', 'algorithm', 'implementation', 'medical', 'software', 'candidates', 'expected', 'make', 'solid', 'contribution', 'group', 'core', 'patient', 'devices', 'manufacturing', 'surgical', 'technology', 'expect', 'candidates', 'top', 'university', 'relevant', 'discipline', 'electronics', 'combined', 'science', 'electronics', 'applied', 'mathematics', 'similar', 'degree', 'software', 'preferably', 'understanding', 'object', 'orientated', 'electronics', 'prior', 'multidisciplinary', 'teams', 'contributing', 'physical', 'product', 'projects', 'review', 'email', 'aptrack', 'keywords', 'analogue', 'digital', 'pcb', 'electronic', 'embedded', 'microcontroller', 'interfaces', 'algorithm', 'fpga', 'dsp', 'consultancy', 'product']" Engineering
"Title: Signalling Design Engineer
Webindex: 69198249
Company: Hays TCE Jobs
Description: My client, who is one of the largest Engineering Consultancies in the world, has an immediate need for a Signalling Design Engineer to work within their growing Glasgow Rail division. The ideal candidate will be degree qualified with minimum 5 years in railway signalling design. You should be well versed at GRIP **** and have the required signalling design licenses. My client is offering a generous salary and benefits package, excellent career progression and a solid workload. To apply for this position, please send your up to date CV.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00011.txt " Signalling Design Engineer" " 69198249" " Hays TCE Jobs" " My client, who is one of the largest Engineering Consultancies in the world, has an immediate need for a Signalling Design Engineer to work within their growing Glasgow Rail division. The ideal candidate will be degree qualified with minimum 5 years in railway signalling design. You should be well versed at GRIP **** and have the required signalling design licenses. My client is offering a generous salary and benefits package, excellent career progression and a solid workload. To apply for this position, please send your up to date CV.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk" "['largest', 'consultancies', 'world', 'signalling', 'growing', 'glasgow', 'rail', 'division', 'ideal', 'degree', 'qualified', 'minimum', 'years', 'railway', 'signalling', 'versed', 'signalling', 'offering', 'generous', 'benefits', 'package', 'career', 'progression', 'solid', 'workload', 'send', 'date', 'cv', 'hays', 'specialist', 'limited', 'acts', 'employment', 'agency', 'permanent', 'employment', 'supply', 'temporary', 'workers', 'applying', 'accept', 'privacy', 'policy', 'disclaimers', 'found', 'hays']" Engineering
"Title: Locomotive Technician
Webindex: 72480999
Company: Jobsite Jobs
Description: Position: Locomotive Maintenance Technician x**** Location: Doncaster Salary/package: ****  12.5% shift allowance  night shift allowance (depending on shift pattern) An outstanding opportunity has arisen with a global manufacturer of rail vehicles to join their rapidly growing service business in the UK. Due to recent contract wins and the opening of their new depot in Doncaster, a number of openings have arisen for high calibre maintenance technicians to join their team Role Description:  Provide engineering services to the company s clients, working on a range of rolling stock, primarily Diesel Locomotives.  Conduct reactive and scheduled maintenance of the customers fleet to ensure and maximise fleet reliability  Maintain company health and safety standards and represent the company in a professional manner at all times.  Complete and maintain all relevant documentation associated with fleet maintenance  Contribute positively within a team environment. This is a shift based position requiring applicants to be comfortable with the prospect of working days, nights and weekends on a rotating pattern. Person Specification: The successful candidate will hold a minimum of an apprenticeship, NVQ**** or City and Guilds parts **** **** **** as a minimum in an engineering maintenance field. Ideally you will have diesel engine experience with an appreciation of mechanical and electrical service engineering. Candidates with similar skills gained from similar industries such as Automotive (HGV) maintenance, Armed Forces asset maintenance, Marine Service, or Aerospace are encouraged to apply PLEASE NOTE You must be eligible to live and work in the UK to apply for this position If this position sounds of interest, or if you would simply like to discuss opportunities for career development, please contact Russell James on . Alternatively, please forward your CV to" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00178.txt " Locomotive Technician" " 72480999" " Jobsite Jobs" " Position: Locomotive Maintenance Technician x**** Location: Doncaster Salary/package: ****  12.5% shift allowance  night shift allowance (depending on shift pattern) An outstanding opportunity has arisen with a global manufacturer of rail vehicles to join their rapidly growing service business in the UK. Due to recent contract wins and the opening of their new depot in Doncaster, a number of openings have arisen for high calibre maintenance technicians to join their team Role Description:  Provide engineering services to the company s clients, working on a range of rolling stock, primarily Diesel Locomotives.  Conduct reactive and scheduled maintenance of the customers fleet to ensure and maximise fleet reliability  Maintain company health and safety standards and represent the company in a professional manner at all times.  Complete and maintain all relevant documentation associated with fleet maintenance  Contribute positively within a team environment. This is a shift based position requiring applicants to be comfortable with the prospect of working days, nights and weekends on a rotating pattern. Person Specification: The successful candidate will hold a minimum of an apprenticeship, NVQ**** or City and Guilds parts **** **** **** as a minimum in an engineering maintenance field. Ideally you will have diesel engine experience with an appreciation of mechanical and electrical service engineering. Candidates with similar skills gained from similar industries such as Automotive (HGV) maintenance, Armed Forces asset maintenance, Marine Service, or Aerospace are encouraged to apply PLEASE NOTE You must be eligible to live and work in the UK to apply for this position If this position sounds of interest, or if you would simply like to discuss opportunities for career development, please contact Russell James on . Alternatively, please forward your CV to" "['maintenance', 'technician', 'location', 'doncaster', 'package', 'shift', 'allowance', 'night', 'shift', 'allowance', 'depending', 'shift', 'pattern', 'outstanding', 'arisen', 'global', 'manufacturer', 'rail', 'vehicles', 'rapidly', 'growing', 'due', 'recent', 'contract', 'wins', 'opening', 'depot', 'doncaster', 'number', 'openings', 'arisen', 'calibre', 'maintenance', 'technicians', 'description', 'range', 'rolling', 'stock', 'primarily', 'diesel', 'locomotives', 'conduct', 'reactive', 'scheduled', 'maintenance', 'customers', 'fleet', 'maximise', 'fleet', 'reliability', 'maintain', 'health', 'safety', 'standards', 'represent', 'professional', 'manner', 'times', 'complete', 'maintain', 'relevant', 'documentation', 'fleet', 'maintenance', 'contribute', 'positively', 'environment', 'shift', 'requiring', 'applicants', 'comfortable', 'prospect', 'days', 'nights', 'weekends', 'rotating', 'pattern', 'person', 'specification', 'hold', 'minimum', 'apprenticeship', 'nvq', 'city', 'guilds', 'parts', 'minimum', 'maintenance', 'field', 'ideally', 'diesel', 'engine', 'appreciation', 'mechanical', 'electrical', 'candidates', 'similar', 'gained', 'similar', 'industries', 'automotive', 'hgv', 'maintenance', 'armed', 'asset', 'maintenance', 'marine', 'aerospace', 'encouraged', 'note', 'eligible', 'live', 'sounds', 'interest', 'simply', 'discuss', 'opportunities', 'career', 'contact', 'james', 'alternatively', 'forward', 'cv']" Engineering
"Title: Territory Sales Manager: South West / Interventional Radiology
Webindex: 71109791
Description: I am currently recruiting for a Territory Sales Manager within the Interventional Radiology industry to be an instrumental part of the UK sales team. This person will be responsible for implementing strategies with the aim of increasing market share and revenue across his/her territory. My client is an expanding global healthcare company that is proud to offer high quality medical devices within the highly competitive Interventional Radiology market. The company is continuously launching new and exciting products and is keen to develop its UK sales team, as it continues to grow and flourish. As a Territory Sales Manager you will be expected to: Maintain and develop the existing customer base and generate new key accounts. Provide practical and theoretical support to existing and potential customers. Participate in clinical discussions with physicians and key stakeholders in the buying process of the Radiology products. Develop and maintain strong working relationships with key decision makers and Key Opinion Leaders. Launch new products as well as maximise growth on the existing product portfolio. Understand the dynamics of the local market including the NHS, Competitors and the Economic Environment. Increase market share and revenue by identifying new business opportunities within the defined territory. Provide local forecasts and business reports. Core Competencies required: Proven track record in Medical sales, ideally within vascular products. Account Management Experience. An Energetic and Enthusiastic Overachiever. A Team Player. This role requires flexibility and commitment to travel to various locations throughout the UK. Suitable locations for this role include but are not limited to: Swindon, Bristol, Bath, Cardiff, Swansea, Bournemouth, Exeter, Plymouth, Salisbury, M4 Corridor If you would like to apply for this role, please send in your CV as soon as possible. If this particular position or location isn t suitable for you but you are interested in other Clinical, Sales or Marketing roles within Interventional Radiology, Cardiology, Cardiac Surgery, Structural Heart or Vascular markets, please contact aneesha.buckbwpenman.com for a confidential discussion.  Territory Sales Manager  also known as Sales Specialist, Sales Representative or Account Manager." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00555.txt " Territory Sales Manager: South West / Interventional Radiology" " 71109791"  " I am currently recruiting for a Territory Sales Manager within the Interventional Radiology industry to be an instrumental part of the UK sales team. This person will be responsible for implementing strategies with the aim of increasing market share and revenue across his/her territory. My client is an expanding global healthcare company that is proud to offer high quality medical devices within the highly competitive Interventional Radiology market. The company is continuously launching new and exciting products and is keen to develop its UK sales team, as it continues to grow and flourish. As a Territory Sales Manager you will be expected to: Maintain and develop the existing customer base and generate new key accounts. Provide practical and theoretical support to existing and potential customers. Participate in clinical discussions with physicians and key stakeholders in the buying process of the Radiology products. Develop and maintain strong working relationships with key decision makers and Key Opinion Leaders. Launch new products as well as maximise growth on the existing product portfolio. Understand the dynamics of the local market including the NHS, Competitors and the Economic Environment. Increase market share and revenue by identifying new business opportunities within the defined territory. Provide local forecasts and business reports. Core Competencies required: Proven track record in Medical sales, ideally within vascular products. Account Management Experience. An Energetic and Enthusiastic Overachiever. A Team Player. This role requires flexibility and commitment to travel to various locations throughout the UK. Suitable locations for this role include but are not limited to: Swindon, Bristol, Bath, Cardiff, Swansea, Bournemouth, Exeter, Plymouth, Salisbury, M4 Corridor If you would like to apply for this role, please send in your CV as soon as possible. If this particular position or location isn t suitable for you but you are interested in other Clinical, Sales or Marketing roles within Interventional Radiology, Cardiology, Cardiac Surgery, Structural Heart or Vascular markets, please contact aneesha.buckbwpenman.com for a confidential discussion.  Territory Sales Manager  also known as Sales Specialist, Sales Representative or Account Manager." "['recruiting', 'territory', 'interventional', 'radiology', 'industry', 'instrumental', 'part', 'person', 'responsible', 'implementing', 'strategies', 'aim', 'increasing', 'market', 'share', 'revenue', 'territory', 'expanding', 'global', 'healthcare', 'proud', 'offer', 'quality', 'medical', 'devices', 'highly', 'competitive', 'interventional', 'radiology', 'market', 'continuously', 'launching', 'exciting', 'products', 'keen', 'develop', 'continues', 'grow', 'flourish', 'territory', 'expected', 'maintain', 'develop', 'existing', 'base', 'generate', 'key', 'accounts', 'practical', 'theoretical', 'existing', 'potential', 'customers', 'participate', 'clinical', 'discussions', 'physicians', 'key', 'stakeholders', 'buying', 'process', 'radiology', 'products', 'develop', 'maintain', 'relationships', 'key', 'decision', 'makers', 'key', 'opinion', 'leaders', 'launch', 'products', 'maximise', 'growth', 'existing', 'product', 'portfolio', 'understand', 'dynamics', 'local', 'market', 'nhs', 'competitors', 'economic', 'environment', 'increase', 'market', 'share', 'revenue', 'identifying', 'opportunities', 'defined', 'territory', 'local', 'forecasts', 'reports', 'core', 'competencies', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'medical', 'ideally', 'vascular', 'products', 'account', 'energetic', 'enthusiastic', 'player', 'requires', 'flexibility', 'commitment', 'travel', 'locations', 'suitable', 'locations', 'include', 'limited', 'bristol', 'bath', 'cardiff', 'swansea', 'bournemouth', 'exeter', 'plymouth', 'salisbury', 'corridor', 'send', 'cv', 'location', 'isn', 'suitable', 'interested', 'clinical', 'marketing', 'roles', 'interventional', 'radiology', 'cardiology', 'cardiac', 'surgery', 'structural', 'heart', 'vascular', 'markets', 'contact', 'confidential', 'discussion', 'territory', 'specialist', 'representative', 'account']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Consultant Psychiatrist in Addictions East Ayrshire
Webindex: 68718213
Company: NHS Ayrshire and Arran
Description: Applications are invited for the above post. It comes at a time of significant investment for Mental Health Service in general and Addiction Services in particular. You will join the two existing consultants (WTE ****) in the specialty and work as part of well developed multi disciplinary and multi agency community services which together provide an extremely comprehensive menu of addiction services. The post will be based at Crosshouse Hospital and cover the community services in the East Locality (Kilmarnock and Cumnock). This role encompasses primarily community based clinical work as well as RMO responsibility for the detoxification beds based at Crosshouse Hospital. The service is designated to provide an appropriate assessment and treatment function with an emphasis on individuals considered to have serious addition and/or mental health problems in terms of both acute and long term clinical management. An active academic programme which has full accreditation with the Royal College of Psychiatrists is in place. There are excellent opportunities for research and linkage to academic departments and the development of special interests is strongly encouraged. You must hold MRCPsych or equivalent and be fully registered with the GMC with a current Licence to Practice. Applicants must also have Section **** of the Mental Health (Care and Treatment) Scotland Act **** approval or demonstrate a willingness to gain approval following appointment. The Terms and Conditions of service are those determined by the Terms and Conditions of the New Consultant Contract (Scotland) **** and are offered on a **** Programmed Activity basis. Opportunities may exist for Extra Programmed Activities and further SPAs subject to service requirements. Applicants will be appropriately experienced hold Full GMC Registration including a Licence to Practice and must if not already entered be eligible for inclusion in the GMC Specialist Register. Those training in the UK who have not completed specialty training are eligible to apply if they have evidence of Higher Specialist Training in General Psychiatry with endorsement in Substance Misuse and the expected CCT/CCST award date is within 6 months of the date of interview. Non UK applicants are required to demonstrate equivalent training. Membership of the Protection of Vulnerable Groups (PVG) Scheme is a condition of this post and the successful applicant will require to join the scheme prior to appointment. Further information on scheme membership is included within the application pack and can also be found at www.disclosurescotland.co.uk. For further information or to arrange an informal visit please contact Dr. John Taylor Associate Medical Director (telephone **** ****). Applications in the form of a current CV with supporting documentary evidence of your entry onto the Specialist Register/CCT date/or equivalent training experience: along with the names and addresses (postal and email) of **** referees should be submitted to: medicalrecruitmentaapct.scot.nhs.uk no later than 25 January 2013. Please Quote Ref No: MD/****/**** Job Packs including job description are available for download at www.jobs.scot.nhs.uk. Details of all our Medical Posts can be found at www.medicaljobs.scot.nhs.uk You can also obtain further information about the organisation at www.nhsaaa.net.uk We are in the process of amending the online application form. Please note that the current online application form requests that you supply information regarding sickness absence. Please do not complete this section as this information does not form part of the initial selection process. Employer details: For further information please refer to the website below" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00611.txt " Consultant Psychiatrist in Addictions East Ayrshire" " 68718213" " NHS Ayrshire and Arran" " Applications are invited for the above post. It comes at a time of significant investment for Mental Health Service in general and Addiction Services in particular. You will join the two existing consultants (WTE ****) in the specialty and work as part of well developed multi disciplinary and multi agency community services which together provide an extremely comprehensive menu of addiction services. The post will be based at Crosshouse Hospital and cover the community services in the East Locality (Kilmarnock and Cumnock). This role encompasses primarily community based clinical work as well as RMO responsibility for the detoxification beds based at Crosshouse Hospital. The service is designated to provide an appropriate assessment and treatment function with an emphasis on individuals considered to have serious addition and/or mental health problems in terms of both acute and long term clinical management. An active academic programme which has full accreditation with the Royal College of Psychiatrists is in place. There are excellent opportunities for research and linkage to academic departments and the development of special interests is strongly encouraged. You must hold MRCPsych or equivalent and be fully registered with the GMC with a current Licence to Practice. Applicants must also have Section **** of the Mental Health (Care and Treatment) Scotland Act **** approval or demonstrate a willingness to gain approval following appointment. The Terms and Conditions of service are those determined by the Terms and Conditions of the New Consultant Contract (Scotland) **** and are offered on a **** Programmed Activity basis. Opportunities may exist for Extra Programmed Activities and further SPAs subject to service requirements. Applicants will be appropriately experienced hold Full GMC Registration including a Licence to Practice and must if not already entered be eligible for inclusion in the GMC Specialist Register. Those training in the UK who have not completed specialty training are eligible to apply if they have evidence of Higher Specialist Training in General Psychiatry with endorsement in Substance Misuse and the expected CCT/CCST award date is within 6 months of the date of interview. Non UK applicants are required to demonstrate equivalent training. Membership of the Protection of Vulnerable Groups (PVG) Scheme is a condition of this post and the successful applicant will require to join the scheme prior to appointment. Further information on scheme membership is included within the application pack and can also be found at www.disclosurescotland.co.uk. For further information or to arrange an informal visit please contact Dr. John Taylor Associate Medical Director (telephone **** ****). Applications in the form of a current CV with supporting documentary evidence of your entry onto the Specialist Register/CCT date/or equivalent training experience: along with the names and addresses (postal and email) of **** referees should be submitted to: medicalrecruitmentaapct.scot.nhs.uk no later than 25 January 2013. Please Quote Ref No: MD/****/**** Job Packs including job description are available for download at www.jobs.scot.nhs.uk. Details of all our Medical Posts can be found at www.medicaljobs.scot.nhs.uk You can also obtain further information about the organisation at www.nhsaaa.net.uk We are in the process of amending the online application form. Please note that the current online application form requests that you supply information regarding sickness absence. Please do not complete this section as this information does not form part of the initial selection process. Employer details: For further information please refer to the website below" "['applications', 'invited', 'post', 'time', 'significant', 'investment', 'mental', 'health', 'general', 'addiction', 'existing', 'consultants', 'wte', 'specialty', 'part', 'developed', 'multi', 'disciplinary', 'multi', 'agency', 'community', 'extremely', 'comprehensive', 'addiction', 'post', 'crosshouse', 'hospital', 'cover', 'community', 'east', 'locality', 'encompasses', 'primarily', 'community', 'clinical', 'responsibility', 'beds', 'crosshouse', 'hospital', 'designated', 'assessment', 'treatment', 'function', 'emphasis', 'individuals', 'considered', 'addition', 'mental', 'health', 'problems', 'terms', 'acute', 'long', 'term', 'clinical', 'active', 'academic', 'programme', 'accreditation', 'royal', 'college', 'place', 'opportunities', 'research', 'academic', 'departments', 'special', 'interests', 'strongly', 'encouraged', 'hold', 'equivalent', 'fully', 'registered', 'gmc', 'current', 'licence', 'practice', 'applicants', 'section', 'mental', 'health', 'treatment', 'scotland', 'act', 'approval', 'demonstrate', 'willingness', 'gain', 'approval', 'appointment', 'terms', 'conditions', 'determined', 'terms', 'conditions', 'consultant', 'contract', 'scotland', 'offered', 'programmed', 'activity', 'basis', 'opportunities', 'exist', 'extra', 'programmed', 'activities', 'subject', 'requirements', 'applicants', 'appropriately', 'experienced', 'hold', 'gmc', 'registration', 'licence', 'practice', 'entered', 'eligible', 'inclusion', 'gmc', 'specialist', 'register', 'completed', 'specialty', 'eligible', 'evidence', 'higher', 'specialist', 'general', 'substance', 'misuse', 'expected', 'cct', 'award', 'date', 'months', 'date', 'interview', 'applicants', 'demonstrate', 'equivalent', 'membership', 'protection', 'vulnerable', 'groups', 'pvg', 'scheme', 'condition', 'post', 'applicant', 'require', 'scheme', 'prior', 'appointment', 'information', 'scheme', 'membership', 'included', 'application', 'pack', 'found', 'www', 'information', 'arrange', 'informal', 'visit', 'contact', 'john', 'associate', 'medical', 'director', 'telephone', 'applications', 'form', 'current', 'cv', 'supporting', 'documentary', 'evidence', 'entry', 'specialist', 'register', 'cct', 'date', 'equivalent', 'names', 'addresses', 'email', 'submitted', 'scot', 'nhs', 'january', 'quote', 'ref', 'md', 'packs', 'description', 'download', 'www', 'jobs', 'scot', 'nhs', 'details', 'medical', 'posts', 'found', 'www', 'scot', 'nhs', 'obtain', 'information', 'organisation', 'www', 'net', 'process', 'online', 'application', 'form', 'note', 'current', 'online', 'application', 'form', 'requests', 'supply', 'information', 'sickness', 'absence', 'complete', 'section', 'information', 'form', 'part', 'initial', 'selection', 'process', 'employer', 'details', 'information', 'refer', 'website']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Quality Engineer / Technician
Webindex: 71677261
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd
Description: Quality Engineer / Technician Somerset Contract Are you a Quality Technician looking for a new contract with a world leader in the supply of plain bearings paying up to ****hr? This company is solely devoted to the development and supply of bearings, thrust bearings, bushings for medium speed diesel engines in such industries as Rail, Marine, Automotive etc. As a Quality Engineer / Technician you will be responsible for developing the quality assurance plans for product processes, culminating input of the data into the ERP systems. This is an excellent opportunity for a contractor who is immediately available and wanting to join a world leader in bearings. The Role: Writing professional, technical general reports. Using a wide range of handheld measuring tools metrology equipment Developing quality assurance plans for products processes The Person: Understanding of basic engineering and quality assurance plans Experience as a Quality Engineer / Technician  Able to work as part of a tem and on initiative Keywords: Quality, Assurance, Technician, Engineer, Engineering, Planner, Planning, Bearings, Bushing, Diesel, Engines, Technical, Contract, Somerset, Drawing, Design, Measuring, Metrology, Tools, Machine, Automotive, Rail, Marine, Industrial, Traction Please contact Mike Morris on **** **** **** or email your CV to Michael.morrisrisetechnical.co.uk to be considered for a start. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/QualityEngineerTechnician_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00197.txt " Quality Engineer / Technician" " 71677261" " Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd" " Quality Engineer / Technician Somerset Contract Are you a Quality Technician looking for a new contract with a world leader in the supply of plain bearings paying up to ****hr? This company is solely devoted to the development and supply of bearings, thrust bearings, bushings for medium speed diesel engines in such industries as Rail, Marine, Automotive etc. As a Quality Engineer / Technician you will be responsible for developing the quality assurance plans for product processes, culminating input of the data into the ERP systems. This is an excellent opportunity for a contractor who is immediately available and wanting to join a world leader in bearings. The Role: Writing professional, technical general reports. Using a wide range of handheld measuring tools metrology equipment Developing quality assurance plans for products processes The Person: Understanding of basic engineering and quality assurance plans Experience as a Quality Engineer / Technician  Able to work as part of a tem and on initiative Keywords: Quality, Assurance, Technician, Engineer, Engineering, Planner, Planning, Bearings, Bushing, Diesel, Engines, Technical, Contract, Somerset, Drawing, Design, Measuring, Metrology, Tools, Machine, Automotive, Rail, Marine, Industrial, Traction Please contact Mike Morris on **** **** **** or email your CV to Michael.morrisrisetechnical.co.uk to be considered for a start. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/QualityEngineerTechnician_job****" "['quality', 'technician', 'somerset', 'contract', 'quality', 'technician', 'contract', 'world', 'leader', 'supply', 'bearings', 'paying', 'hr', 'solely', 'supply', 'bearings', 'bearings', 'medium', 'speed', 'diesel', 'engines', 'industries', 'rail', 'marine', 'automotive', 'quality', 'technician', 'responsible', 'developing', 'quality', 'assurance', 'plans', 'product', 'processes', 'input', 'data', 'erp', 'contractor', 'immediately', 'wanting', 'world', 'leader', 'bearings', 'writing', 'professional', 'technical', 'general', 'reports', 'wide', 'range', 'handheld', 'measuring', 'tools', 'metrology', 'equipment', 'developing', 'quality', 'assurance', 'plans', 'products', 'processes', 'person', 'understanding', 'basic', 'quality', 'assurance', 'plans', 'quality', 'technician', 'part', 'initiative', 'keywords', 'quality', 'assurance', 'technician', 'planner', 'planning', 'bearings', 'diesel', 'engines', 'technical', 'contract', 'somerset', 'drawing', 'measuring', 'metrology', 'tools', 'machine', 'automotive', 'rail', 'marine', 'industrial', 'traction', 'contact', 'mike', 'email', 'cv', 'michael', 'considered', 'start', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Project Manager  Dorset
Webindex: 70755882
Company: Additional Resources
Description: Project Manager  Dorset  up to ****K depending on experience  ****5 days holiday  bank holidays  life assurance  pension Are you a Project Manager looking to join a worldwide company that can offer you a challenge as well as excellent technical progression and one of the best packages in the industry Company This well renowned manufacturing company is looking to recruit a Project Manager to assist the already successful team in coping with an ever increasing business demand. In return you can expect an excellent package and to receive ongoing support as well as technical progression to ensure you maintain the company’s high standards. The role ****) To work with the Group Projects Coordinator to prioritise projects in line with Company goals ****) Perform the role inline with the project requirements as discussed and agreed ****) To work with direct resources allocated, and associated crossfunctional departments as appropriate ****) Coordinating, specifying, monitoring and reviewing workloads and progress made 5) To actively communicate progress to plan/objectives, to internal customers, external customers, vendors and the leadership team as appropriate ****) To influence corrective action plans and root cause solutions to assist the outcome of the project ****) To promote the use of company systems and procedures in pursuit of project requirements ****) To develop objectives and development plans for direct reports and/or project team ****) To project and constraint manage projects to cost and timescales ****) To manage projects within cost boundaries, timescales and allocated resources ****) Participate as required in any auditing activities including the SarbanesOxley process Candidate skills / qualifications ****) MUST have experience in a modern engineering/manufacturing environment 2) Successful experience of supervising a small team to achieve a variety of objectives within challenging timescales ****) Strong background as a Project Manager ESSENTIAL Candidates suitable for this position can live anywhere in the following  Bournemouth Bridgend Bridport Chard Crewkerne Cullompton Dorchester Exeter Exmouth Glastonbury Lyme Regis Shepton Mallet Sidmouth Swanage Taunton Tiverton Wellington Weymouth Yeovil Additional Resources Ltd is an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as defined within The Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Businesses Regulations ****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00102.txt " Project Manager  Dorset" " 70755882" " Additional Resources" " Project Manager  Dorset  up to ****K depending on experience  ****5 days holiday  bank holidays  life assurance  pension Are you a Project Manager looking to join a worldwide company that can offer you a challenge as well as excellent technical progression and one of the best packages in the industry Company This well renowned manufacturing company is looking to recruit a Project Manager to assist the already successful team in coping with an ever increasing business demand. In return you can expect an excellent package and to receive ongoing support as well as technical progression to ensure you maintain the company’s high standards. The role ****) To work with the Group Projects Coordinator to prioritise projects in line with Company goals ****) Perform the role inline with the project requirements as discussed and agreed ****) To work with direct resources allocated, and associated crossfunctional departments as appropriate ****) Coordinating, specifying, monitoring and reviewing workloads and progress made 5) To actively communicate progress to plan/objectives, to internal customers, external customers, vendors and the leadership team as appropriate ****) To influence corrective action plans and root cause solutions to assist the outcome of the project ****) To promote the use of company systems and procedures in pursuit of project requirements ****) To develop objectives and development plans for direct reports and/or project team ****) To project and constraint manage projects to cost and timescales ****) To manage projects within cost boundaries, timescales and allocated resources ****) Participate as required in any auditing activities including the SarbanesOxley process Candidate skills / qualifications ****) MUST have experience in a modern engineering/manufacturing environment 2) Successful experience of supervising a small team to achieve a variety of objectives within challenging timescales ****) Strong background as a Project Manager ESSENTIAL Candidates suitable for this position can live anywhere in the following  Bournemouth Bridgend Bridport Chard Crewkerne Cullompton Dorchester Exeter Exmouth Glastonbury Lyme Regis Shepton Mallet Sidmouth Swanage Taunton Tiverton Wellington Weymouth Yeovil Additional Resources Ltd is an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as defined within The Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Businesses Regulations ****" "['project', 'dorset', 'depending', 'days', 'holiday', 'bank', 'holidays', 'life', 'assurance', 'pension', 'project', 'worldwide', 'offer', 'challenge', 'technical', 'progression', 'packages', 'industry', 'renowned', 'manufacturing', 'recruit', 'project', 'assist', 'coping', 'increasing', 'demand', 'return', 'expect', 'package', 'receive', 'ongoing', 'technical', 'progression', 'maintain', 'standards', 'group', 'projects', 'coordinator', 'prioritise', 'projects', 'line', 'goals', 'perform', 'inline', 'project', 'requirements', 'discussed', 'agreed', 'direct', 'resources', 'allocated', 'departments', 'coordinating', 'monitoring', 'reviewing', 'workloads', 'progress', 'made', 'actively', 'communicate', 'progress', 'plan', 'objectives', 'internal', 'customers', 'external', 'customers', 'vendors', 'leadership', 'influence', 'corrective', 'action', 'plans', 'root', 'solutions', 'assist', 'outcome', 'project', 'promote', 'procedures', 'project', 'requirements', 'develop', 'objectives', 'plans', 'direct', 'reports', 'project', 'project', 'manage', 'projects', 'cost', 'timescales', 'manage', 'projects', 'cost', 'boundaries', 'timescales', 'allocated', 'resources', 'participate', 'auditing', 'activities', 'process', 'qualifications', 'modern', 'manufacturing', 'environment', 'supervising', 'small', 'achieve', 'variety', 'objectives', 'challenging', 'timescales', 'background', 'project', 'essential', 'candidates', 'suitable', 'live', 'bournemouth', 'exeter', 'glastonbury', 'regis', 'taunton', 'weymouth', 'yeovil', 'additional', 'resources', 'employment', 'employment', 'agency', 'defined', 'conduct', 'employment', 'agencies', 'employment', 'businesses', 'regulations']" Engineering
"Title: Applications Development Engineer
Webindex: 67958106
Company: Barker Ross Recruitment Ltd
Description: Do you want to work for a successful company who manufacture a range of electrical analysers for use in several industries from manufacturing, medical to gas flow? They are looking for an experienced applications development engineer who will design, develop, deploy and test software applications for the Group. You will need to be able to understand and capture end user requirements, work with other engineering and marketing personnel to translate them into software specifications To fulfill the role, you will need: Too create innovative product ideas that are fit for purpose, designing easy to use user interfaces and coding software applications. To produce end user manuals and technical documentation To adhere to company quality and policy / practices To ensure product is fit for purpose  this implies understanding of target user and environment Candidates will need a minimum of 3 years C, C++ programming experience on PC platforms using Visual Studio IDE. GUI Development: Good experience of a least one GUI toolkit  i.e. Qt , .Net , MFC . Good OOP skills; design patterns, refactoring , iterative development and have at least one scripting language: ECMA Script , Python etc. Database experience including SQL queries. You will join a team within this established company and there is every opportunity to grow and develop your career. A good salary of circa ****  benefits. Call Jane on **** **** **** to discuss further. Skills required: C, C++ programming experience , Visual Studio IDE , GUI Development , Qt , .Net , MFC . OOP skills , sign patterns , refactoring , iterative development , ECMA Script , Python , SQL queries." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00066.txt " Applications Development Engineer" " 67958106" " Barker Ross Recruitment Ltd" " Do you want to work for a successful company who manufacture a range of electrical analysers for use in several industries from manufacturing, medical to gas flow? They are looking for an experienced applications development engineer who will design, develop, deploy and test software applications for the Group. You will need to be able to understand and capture end user requirements, work with other engineering and marketing personnel to translate them into software specifications To fulfill the role, you will need: Too create innovative product ideas that are fit for purpose, designing easy to use user interfaces and coding software applications. To produce end user manuals and technical documentation To adhere to company quality and policy / practices To ensure product is fit for purpose  this implies understanding of target user and environment Candidates will need a minimum of 3 years C, C++ programming experience on PC platforms using Visual Studio IDE. GUI Development: Good experience of a least one GUI toolkit  i.e. Qt , .Net , MFC . Good OOP skills; design patterns, refactoring , iterative development and have at least one scripting language: ECMA Script , Python etc. Database experience including SQL queries. You will join a team within this established company and there is every opportunity to grow and develop your career. A good salary of circa ****  benefits. Call Jane on **** **** **** to discuss further. Skills required: C, C++ programming experience , Visual Studio IDE , GUI Development , Qt , .Net , MFC . OOP skills , sign patterns , refactoring , iterative development , ECMA Script , Python , SQL queries." "['manufacture', 'range', 'electrical', 'analysers', 'industries', 'manufacturing', 'medical', 'gas', 'flow', 'experienced', 'applications', 'develop', 'test', 'software', 'applications', 'group', 'understand', 'capture', 'end', 'user', 'requirements', 'marketing', 'personnel', 'translate', 'software', 'specifications', 'create', 'innovative', 'product', 'ideas', 'fit', 'purpose', 'designing', 'easy', 'user', 'interfaces', 'coding', 'software', 'applications', 'produce', 'end', 'user', 'manuals', 'technical', 'documentation', 'adhere', 'quality', 'policy', 'practices', 'product', 'fit', 'purpose', 'understanding', 'target', 'user', 'environment', 'candidates', 'minimum', 'years', 'programming', 'pc', 'platforms', 'visual', 'studio', 'ide', 'gui', 'gui', 'toolkit', 'qt', 'net', 'mfc', 'oop', 'patterns', 'refactoring', 'iterative', 'language', 'ecma', 'script', 'python', 'database', 'sql', 'queries', 'established', 'grow', 'develop', 'career', 'circa', 'benefits', 'call', 'jane', 'discuss', 'programming', 'visual', 'studio', 'ide', 'gui', 'qt', 'net', 'mfc', 'oop', 'sign', 'patterns', 'refactoring', 'iterative', 'ecma', 'script', 'python', 'sql', 'queries']" Engineering
"Title: Optometrists Jobs in Lancaster
Webindex: 72226412
Company: Flame Health Associates LLP
Description: Flame Health Optometry Jobs  Optometrist Jobs in Lancaster Flame Health Optometry are looking to recruit an Optometrist in the Lancaster area. There has never been a better time to join a company that can provide a solid career structure as well as an unbeatable support system to help you achieve your career aims. Optometry Benefits: Excellent salary package which can include Relocation and location supplements for the right candidate Up to 29 days Holiday plus bank holidays Excellent Bonus designed to reward levels of customer care, sales and company profits Staff discount card offering generous savings of up to 22.5% Free eye test and save a massive 70% on **** pairs of glasses per year Reimburse all of the General Optical Council’s fees for retention of registration and College fees for prereg supervisors Flexible and affordable pension arrangement to employees Our client puts their clinicians at the heart of the business. To ensure that they stay at the forefront of the industry and to help you develop, they make sure you’re given opportunities beyond holding clinics  such as supervising preregistration students, working in community schemes or managing practices. This company can provide a wide variety of career choices in a huge range of working environments and every practice meets the needs of people from every walk of life. Put simply, there’s a range of practices to suit all optics professionals. Whether you are looking to work primarily in a single location, across a number of practices or as one of their growing band of professional managers. As an optometrist you must be able to combine a real professional interest in your field with a passion for providing exceptional standards of service. This will give you the opportunity to really drive the business from the consulting room. Your clinical excellence will fuel the companies’ success. The company has key development programmes because they are interested in whom you are, and they want to support you to be the best you can. So every effort will be made to ensure that you have every opportunity to explore your potential, and realise it. In return for your hard work and enthusiasm, the company will reward you with a package that is one of the best and most comprehensive in the UK. As well as a competitive salary, other options include flexible fulltime, part time or taking on a franchise of your own. Of course you will be a qualified and GOC registered Optometrist. To apply for this Job or enquire about additional Optometrist Opportunities in Lancaster or the Lancashire Region  Contact Flame Health Freephone on **** **** **** or if calling from a mobile on **** **** alternatively email optometryflamehealth.com Flame Health Associates LLP operates as an Employment Agency or Employment Business" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00607.txt " Optometrists Jobs in Lancaster" " 72226412" " Flame Health Associates LLP" " Flame Health Optometry Jobs  Optometrist Jobs in Lancaster Flame Health Optometry are looking to recruit an Optometrist in the Lancaster area. There has never been a better time to join a company that can provide a solid career structure as well as an unbeatable support system to help you achieve your career aims. Optometry Benefits: Excellent salary package which can include Relocation and location supplements for the right candidate Up to 29 days Holiday plus bank holidays Excellent Bonus designed to reward levels of customer care, sales and company profits Staff discount card offering generous savings of up to 22.5% Free eye test and save a massive 70% on **** pairs of glasses per year Reimburse all of the General Optical Council’s fees for retention of registration and College fees for prereg supervisors Flexible and affordable pension arrangement to employees Our client puts their clinicians at the heart of the business. To ensure that they stay at the forefront of the industry and to help you develop, they make sure you’re given opportunities beyond holding clinics  such as supervising preregistration students, working in community schemes or managing practices. This company can provide a wide variety of career choices in a huge range of working environments and every practice meets the needs of people from every walk of life. Put simply, there’s a range of practices to suit all optics professionals. Whether you are looking to work primarily in a single location, across a number of practices or as one of their growing band of professional managers. As an optometrist you must be able to combine a real professional interest in your field with a passion for providing exceptional standards of service. This will give you the opportunity to really drive the business from the consulting room. Your clinical excellence will fuel the companies’ success. The company has key development programmes because they are interested in whom you are, and they want to support you to be the best you can. So every effort will be made to ensure that you have every opportunity to explore your potential, and realise it. In return for your hard work and enthusiasm, the company will reward you with a package that is one of the best and most comprehensive in the UK. As well as a competitive salary, other options include flexible fulltime, part time or taking on a franchise of your own. Of course you will be a qualified and GOC registered Optometrist. To apply for this Job or enquire about additional Optometrist Opportunities in Lancaster or the Lancashire Region  Contact Flame Health Freephone on **** **** **** or if calling from a mobile on **** **** alternatively email optometryflamehealth.com Flame Health Associates LLP operates as an Employment Agency or Employment Business" "['flame', 'health', 'optometry', 'jobs', 'optometrist', 'jobs', 'lancaster', 'flame', 'health', 'optometry', 'recruit', 'optometrist', 'lancaster', 'area', 'time', 'solid', 'career', 'structure', 'unbeatable', 'system', 'achieve', 'career', 'aims', 'optometry', 'benefits', 'package', 'include', 'relocation', 'location', 'days', 'holiday', 'bank', 'holidays', 'bonus', 'designed', 'reward', 'levels', 'profits', 'discount', 'card', 'offering', 'generous', 'savings', 'free', 'eye', 'test', 'save', 'massive', 'glasses', 'year', 'general', 'optical', 'council', 'fees', 'retention', 'registration', 'college', 'fees', 'supervisors', 'flexible', 'affordable', 'pension', 'arrangement', 'employees', 'clinicians', 'heart', 'stay', 'forefront', 'industry', 'develop', 'make', 'opportunities', 'holding', 'clinics', 'supervising', 'preregistration', 'students', 'community', 'schemes', 'managing', 'practices', 'wide', 'variety', 'career', 'choices', 'huge', 'range', 'environments', 'practice', 'meets', 'people', 'walk', 'life', 'put', 'simply', 'range', 'practices', 'suit', 'optics', 'professionals', 'primarily', 'single', 'location', 'number', 'practices', 'growing', 'band', 'professional', 'managers', 'optometrist', 'combine', 'real', 'professional', 'interest', 'field', 'passion', 'providing', 'exceptional', 'standards', 'give', 'drive', 'consulting', 'room', 'clinical', 'excellence', 'fuel', 'companies', 'success', 'key', 'programmes', 'interested', 'effort', 'made', 'explore', 'potential', 'realise', 'return', 'hard', 'enthusiasm', 'reward', 'package', 'comprehensive', 'competitive', 'options', 'include', 'flexible', 'fulltime', 'part', 'time', 'taking', 'qualified', 'goc', 'registered', 'optometrist', 'enquire', 'additional', 'optometrist', 'opportunities', 'lancaster', 'lancashire', 'region', 'contact', 'flame', 'health', 'freephone', 'calling', 'mobile', 'alternatively', 'email', 'optometryflamehealth', 'flame', 'health', 'associates', 'llp', 'operates', 'employment', 'agency', 'employment']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Temp Test Technician
Webindex: 71851898
Company: Petrie Recruitment
Description: Job Elements:  • Responsible for the build and test of production products for a variety of field applications. • Diagnostics and development testing methods of preproduction prototypes and production capable products to help achieve strict manufacturing output deadlines. • Be able to support the technical team based within that department. • Ownership of performance metrics. The ideal candidate will have: • Manufacturing/engineering background. • A capability in the use and application of lean manufacturing/process improvement tools and techniques. • Ideally exposure to Six Sigma. • City and Guilds, HNC etc. or higher qualification in an engineering discipline • Comfortable in a hands on role within a strong team culture • IT literate. For further vacancies, please visit http://www.petrie.co.uk Follow us on http://www.twitter.com/PetrieRecruit Receive updates via http://www.facebook.com/pages/PetrieRecruitment/**** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TempTestTechnician_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00007.txt " Temp Test Technician" " 71851898" " Petrie Recruitment" " Job Elements:  • Responsible for the build and test of production products for a variety of field applications. • Diagnostics and development testing methods of preproduction prototypes and production capable products to help achieve strict manufacturing output deadlines. • Be able to support the technical team based within that department. • Ownership of performance metrics. The ideal candidate will have: • Manufacturing/engineering background. • A capability in the use and application of lean manufacturing/process improvement tools and techniques. • Ideally exposure to Six Sigma. • City and Guilds, HNC etc. or higher qualification in an engineering discipline • Comfortable in a hands on role within a strong team culture • IT literate. For further vacancies, please visit http://www.petrie.co.uk Follow us on http://www.twitter.com/PetrieRecruit Receive updates via http://www.facebook.com/pages/PetrieRecruitment/**** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TempTestTechnician_job****" "['elements', 'responsible', 'build', 'test', 'production', 'products', 'variety', 'field', 'applications', 'testing', 'methods', 'preproduction', 'prototypes', 'production', 'capable', 'products', 'achieve', 'strict', 'manufacturing', 'output', 'deadlines', 'technical', 'department', 'ownership', 'performance', 'metrics', 'ideal', 'manufacturing', 'background', 'capability', 'application', 'lean', 'manufacturing', 'process', 'improvement', 'tools', 'techniques', 'ideally', 'exposure', 'sigma', 'city', 'guilds', 'hnc', 'higher', 'qualification', 'discipline', 'comfortable', 'hands', 'culture', 'literate', 'vacancies', 'visit', 'http', 'www', 'petrie', 'follow', 'http', 'www', 'twitter', 'petrierecruit', 'receive', 'updates', 'http', 'www', 'facebook', 'pages', 'petrierecruitment', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Commercial Controller
Webindex: 68242247
Company: CMC Consulting
Description: Our client is an instantly recognisable global company with excellent room for career progression and can be described as one of the most entrepreneurial and exciting places to work in the UK and internationally. Your role will be to assist the Sales Team in maximising profitable sales opportunities and the Financial Controller in monitoring the commercial P&L evolution in order to promote optimal decision making within the business. Whilst an element of this role will be monthly reporting, the most exciting part will be the interaction with sales teams in budget management and working alongside Commercial Directors in communicating sales figures and targets and assisting the team in special projects. You will ideally be a bright and analytically minded candidate with excellent commercial awareness. You will be CIMA or ACA qualified with strong academics. You will possess a strong analytical and reporting skill set and be comfortable using excel to an advanced level. You will have the ability to liaise with senior and non finance colleagues. Knowledge of SAP and advanced Excel are preferred but not essential Where UK qualifications are specified we will take into account overseas equivalents. To apply for this position candidates must be eligible to work in country in which the role is based. We regret that due to the high volume of applications we receive if you have not heard from us within 10 days, then your application has not been successful on this occasion. However, please do continue to apply for jobs advertised by CMC Consulting. For all our current vacancies please visit our website [contact details removed] We do our best to ensure that the wording used in our job vacancies does not discriminate against an individual in any way. Please contact us if you feel that this is not the case." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00327.txt " Commercial Controller" " 68242247" " CMC Consulting" " Our client is an instantly recognisable global company with excellent room for career progression and can be described as one of the most entrepreneurial and exciting places to work in the UK and internationally. Your role will be to assist the Sales Team in maximising profitable sales opportunities and the Financial Controller in monitoring the commercial P&L evolution in order to promote optimal decision making within the business. Whilst an element of this role will be monthly reporting, the most exciting part will be the interaction with sales teams in budget management and working alongside Commercial Directors in communicating sales figures and targets and assisting the team in special projects. You will ideally be a bright and analytically minded candidate with excellent commercial awareness. You will be CIMA or ACA qualified with strong academics. You will possess a strong analytical and reporting skill set and be comfortable using excel to an advanced level. You will have the ability to liaise with senior and non finance colleagues. Knowledge of SAP and advanced Excel are preferred but not essential Where UK qualifications are specified we will take into account overseas equivalents. To apply for this position candidates must be eligible to work in country in which the role is based. We regret that due to the high volume of applications we receive if you have not heard from us within 10 days, then your application has not been successful on this occasion. However, please do continue to apply for jobs advertised by CMC Consulting. For all our current vacancies please visit our website [contact details removed] We do our best to ensure that the wording used in our job vacancies does not discriminate against an individual in any way. Please contact us if you feel that this is not the case." "['instantly', 'recognisable', 'global', 'room', 'career', 'progression', 'entrepreneurial', 'exciting', 'places', 'internationally', 'assist', 'maximising', 'profitable', 'opportunities', 'controller', 'monitoring', 'commercial', 'evolution', 'order', 'promote', 'optimal', 'decision', 'making', 'whilst', 'element', 'monthly', 'reporting', 'exciting', 'part', 'interaction', 'teams', 'budget', 'alongside', 'commercial', 'directors', 'communicating', 'figures', 'targets', 'assisting', 'special', 'projects', 'ideally', 'bright', 'minded', 'commercial', 'awareness', 'cima', 'aca', 'qualified', 'possess', 'analytical', 'reporting', 'skill', 'set', 'comfortable', 'excel', 'advanced', 'level', 'liaise', 'senior', 'finance', 'colleagues', 'sap', 'advanced', 'excel', 'preferred', 'essential', 'qualifications', 'account', 'overseas', 'equivalents', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'country', 'regret', 'due', 'volume', 'applications', 'receive', 'heard', 'days', 'application', 'occasion', 'continue', 'jobs', 'advertised', 'cmc', 'consulting', 'current', 'vacancies', 'visit', 'website', 'contact', 'details', 'removed', 'wording', 'vacancies', 'discriminate', 'individual', 'contact', 'feel', 'case']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Rail Signal Design Team Leader
Webindex: 71812011
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: We are currently looking for Rail Signal Design Managers/Team Leaders for a permanent job in North Yorkshire. If you are Chartered with significant experience in Rail Signal Design and with Network Rail we would love to hear from you.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T and Cs, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays" 3 data/Sales\Job_00747.txt " Rail Signal Design Team Leader" " 71812011" " UKStaffsearch" " We are currently looking for Rail Signal Design Managers/Team Leaders for a permanent job in North Yorkshire. If you are Chartered with significant experience in Rail Signal Design and with Network Rail we would love to hear from you.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T and Cs, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays" "['rail', 'signal', 'managers', 'leaders', 'permanent', 'north', 'yorkshire', 'chartered', 'significant', 'rail', 'signal', 'network', 'rail', 'love', 'hear', 'hays', 'specialist', 'limited', 'acts', 'employment', 'agency', 'permanent', 'employment', 'supply', 'temporary', 'workers', 'applying', 'accept', 'cs', 'privacy', 'policy', 'disclaimers', 'found', 'hays']" Sales
"Title: Area Sales Representative / Area Sales Manager
Webindex: 72236534
Company: Randstad Retail
Description: Area Sales Representative / Area Sales Manager ****kOTE up to ****kcarbens Cambridgeshire, Hertfordshire, Bedfordshire and Essex area. PACKAGE/BENEFITS ****kOTE ****k Company car Pension THE COMPANY My client is a well established distributor of commercial heating, pipes and fittings with a multi branch network throughout the UK. They are looking for an Area Sales Representative / Area Sales Manager with experience in selling heating or related products within the Cambridgeshire, Hertfordshire, Bedfordshire and Essex area. THE ROLE To identify and develop new business to maximise growth of sales Offering product advice and support Ensuring high levels of customer service at all times. KNOWLEDGE/ EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS Experience of operating in field sales selling heating or related products. Exceptional sales and customer relationship building skills Ability to identify and understand business opportunities and build long term relationships with customers PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES Problem solving/ opportunity identification Adaptation Flexibility If you would like to apply for this position, please email your CV to Nicola.kennedyrandstad.co.uk or call Nicola Kennedy on **** **** **** This vacancy is being handled by Randstad Retail. Randstad Retail is the retail specialist division of Randstad, who act as an employment business and employment agency and are registered in England and Wales no **** as Randstad Retail Ltd. Registered office address First Floor, Regent Court, Laporte Way, Luton, Beds, LU**** ****SB. In the event that you are contacted for a role, please note that as part of the registration process you shall be required to provide Randstad with proof of identity as well as proof of eligibility to work in the United Kingdom. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AreaSalesRepresentativeAreaSalesManager_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00732.txt " Area Sales Representative / Area Sales Manager" " 72236534" " Randstad Retail" " Area Sales Representative / Area Sales Manager ****kOTE up to ****kcarbens Cambridgeshire, Hertfordshire, Bedfordshire and Essex area. PACKAGE/BENEFITS ****kOTE ****k Company car Pension THE COMPANY My client is a well established distributor of commercial heating, pipes and fittings with a multi branch network throughout the UK. They are looking for an Area Sales Representative / Area Sales Manager with experience in selling heating or related products within the Cambridgeshire, Hertfordshire, Bedfordshire and Essex area. THE ROLE To identify and develop new business to maximise growth of sales Offering product advice and support Ensuring high levels of customer service at all times. KNOWLEDGE/ EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS Experience of operating in field sales selling heating or related products. Exceptional sales and customer relationship building skills Ability to identify and understand business opportunities and build long term relationships with customers PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES Problem solving/ opportunity identification Adaptation Flexibility If you would like to apply for this position, please email your CV to Nicola.kennedyrandstad.co.uk or call Nicola Kennedy on **** **** **** This vacancy is being handled by Randstad Retail. Randstad Retail is the retail specialist division of Randstad, who act as an employment business and employment agency and are registered in England and Wales no **** as Randstad Retail Ltd. Registered office address First Floor, Regent Court, Laporte Way, Luton, Beds, LU**** ****SB. In the event that you are contacted for a role, please note that as part of the registration process you shall be required to provide Randstad with proof of identity as well as proof of eligibility to work in the United Kingdom. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AreaSalesRepresentativeAreaSalesManager_job****" "['area', 'representative', 'area', 'kote', 'cambridgeshire', 'hertfordshire', 'bedfordshire', 'essex', 'area', 'package', 'benefits', 'kote', 'car', 'pension', 'established', 'distributor', 'commercial', 'heating', 'fittings', 'multi', 'branch', 'network', 'area', 'representative', 'area', 'selling', 'heating', 'related', 'products', 'cambridgeshire', 'hertfordshire', 'bedfordshire', 'essex', 'area', 'identify', 'develop', 'maximise', 'growth', 'offering', 'product', 'advice', 'ensuring', 'levels', 'times', 'requirements', 'operating', 'field', 'selling', 'heating', 'related', 'products', 'exceptional', 'relationship', 'building', 'identify', 'understand', 'opportunities', 'build', 'long', 'term', 'relationships', 'customers', 'personal', 'attributes', 'problem', 'solving', 'identification', 'flexibility', 'email', 'cv', 'nicola', 'call', 'nicola', 'vacancy', 'handled', 'randstad', 'retail', 'randstad', 'retail', 'retail', 'specialist', 'division', 'randstad', 'act', 'employment', 'employment', 'agency', 'registered', 'england', 'wales', 'randstad', 'retail', 'registered', 'office', 'address', 'floor', 'regent', 'court', 'laporte', 'luton', 'beds', 'lu', 'sb', 'event', 'contacted', 'note', 'part', 'registration', 'process', 'randstad', 'proof', 'identity', 'proof', 'eligibility', 'united', 'kingdom', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Finance Analyst
Webindex: 68711980
Company: Exibio Financial Recruitment
Description: An experienced Finance Analyst is required by our large retail multi site client to help support the preparation of consolidated forecasts and P Ls, providing key outputs and assumptions to help influence decision making. Job Description  Forge enduring business partnering relationships with all areas of the business.  Support with the delivery and accuracy of forecasts, ensuring that forecast templates are completed on a timely and accurate basis.  Primary operator of forecast models and expected to act as SME for detailed queries around the forecast data  Perform variance analysis of the forecast against the previous quarterly forecast and provide clear explanations, understanding any residual variances that are within model tolerances.  Articulate clear and simple explanations and implications of the information to add insight and stimulate debate amongst the senior Products executives.  Participate in defining the emerging process for forecasts as they develop from a specific assumptions based carveout to a specific asset driven forecast. With the team, deliver the roadmap for this process, adhering to exacting timetable requirements.  Develop alternative forecast scenarios, including stress tests. Clearly communicate the key drivers of the variances compared to the base case.  Embed and uphold a robust control environment over the information. Establish best practice for Excel databook management, maintain clearly documented audit trails, and ensure version control of databooks and reports.  Support the team to continuously improve the insight, efficiency, control and clarity of the reporting processes.  Answer ad hoc queries and prepare analysis in relation to the P L.  Complete statutory and Continuing Professional Education training. Person Specification  Qualified accountant or experienced Finance Analyst.  Develop practical understanding of relevant financial systems and processes  Awareness of market and industry environment (commercial awareness)  Good interpersonal skills  Advanced Excel skills with financial modelling experience Apply now for immediate consideration This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinanceAnalyst_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00401.txt " Finance Analyst" " 68711980" " Exibio Financial Recruitment" " An experienced Finance Analyst is required by our large retail multi site client to help support the preparation of consolidated forecasts and P Ls, providing key outputs and assumptions to help influence decision making. Job Description  Forge enduring business partnering relationships with all areas of the business.  Support with the delivery and accuracy of forecasts, ensuring that forecast templates are completed on a timely and accurate basis.  Primary operator of forecast models and expected to act as SME for detailed queries around the forecast data  Perform variance analysis of the forecast against the previous quarterly forecast and provide clear explanations, understanding any residual variances that are within model tolerances.  Articulate clear and simple explanations and implications of the information to add insight and stimulate debate amongst the senior Products executives.  Participate in defining the emerging process for forecasts as they develop from a specific assumptions based carveout to a specific asset driven forecast. With the team, deliver the roadmap for this process, adhering to exacting timetable requirements.  Develop alternative forecast scenarios, including stress tests. Clearly communicate the key drivers of the variances compared to the base case.  Embed and uphold a robust control environment over the information. Establish best practice for Excel databook management, maintain clearly documented audit trails, and ensure version control of databooks and reports.  Support the team to continuously improve the insight, efficiency, control and clarity of the reporting processes.  Answer ad hoc queries and prepare analysis in relation to the P L.  Complete statutory and Continuing Professional Education training. Person Specification  Qualified accountant or experienced Finance Analyst.  Develop practical understanding of relevant financial systems and processes  Awareness of market and industry environment (commercial awareness)  Good interpersonal skills  Advanced Excel skills with financial modelling experience Apply now for immediate consideration This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinanceAnalyst_job****" "['experienced', 'finance', 'analyst', 'large', 'retail', 'multi', 'site', 'preparation', 'consolidated', 'forecasts', 'ls', 'providing', 'key', 'outputs', 'assumptions', 'influence', 'decision', 'making', 'description', 'forge', 'enduring', 'partnering', 'relationships', 'areas', 'delivery', 'accuracy', 'forecasts', 'ensuring', 'forecast', 'templates', 'completed', 'timely', 'accurate', 'basis', 'primary', 'operator', 'forecast', 'models', 'expected', 'act', 'sme', 'detailed', 'queries', 'forecast', 'data', 'perform', 'variance', 'analysis', 'forecast', 'previous', 'quarterly', 'forecast', 'clear', 'explanations', 'understanding', 'variances', 'model', 'tolerances', 'articulate', 'clear', 'simple', 'explanations', 'implications', 'information', 'add', 'insight', 'senior', 'products', 'executives', 'participate', 'defining', 'emerging', 'process', 'forecasts', 'develop', 'specific', 'assumptions', 'specific', 'asset', 'driven', 'forecast', 'deliver', 'roadmap', 'process', 'adhering', 'timetable', 'requirements', 'develop', 'alternative', 'forecast', 'scenarios', 'stress', 'tests', 'communicate', 'key', 'drivers', 'variances', 'base', 'case', 'robust', 'control', 'environment', 'information', 'establish', 'practice', 'excel', 'maintain', 'documented', 'audit', 'control', 'reports', 'continuously', 'improve', 'insight', 'efficiency', 'control', 'clarity', 'reporting', 'processes', 'answer', 'ad', 'hoc', 'queries', 'prepare', 'analysis', 'relation', 'complete', 'statutory', 'continuing', 'professional', 'education', 'person', 'specification', 'qualified', 'accountant', 'experienced', 'finance', 'analyst', 'develop', 'practical', 'understanding', 'relevant', 'processes', 'awareness', 'market', 'industry', 'environment', 'commercial', 'awareness', 'interpersonal', 'advanced', 'excel', 'modelling', 'consideration', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Deputy Manager (RGN)
Webindex: 67959409
Description: Deputy Manager (RGN/RMN)  Swansea  Full time  Permanent  **** Compass Associates are working closely with a valued client to recruit an RGN/RMN qualified Deputy Manager based near the area of Swansea. My client is looking for an Deputy manager that either has experience in this role of a similar role. The Successful applicant will need to be able to lead a team and act up in the absence of the home manager Requirements  Experience in a senior role Registered with NMC (RGN/RMN) This role is a permanent full time opportunity and for the right candidate my client is offering a salary of **** per annum. To Apply for this role please call Carl at Compass associates on **** **** **** or email a copy of your CV to cduttoncompassltd.co.uk." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00582.txt " Deputy Manager (RGN)" " 67959409"  " Deputy Manager (RGN/RMN)  Swansea  Full time  Permanent  **** Compass Associates are working closely with a valued client to recruit an RGN/RMN qualified Deputy Manager based near the area of Swansea. My client is looking for an Deputy manager that either has experience in this role of a similar role. The Successful applicant will need to be able to lead a team and act up in the absence of the home manager Requirements  Experience in a senior role Registered with NMC (RGN/RMN) This role is a permanent full time opportunity and for the right candidate my client is offering a salary of **** per annum. To Apply for this role please call Carl at Compass associates on **** **** **** or email a copy of your CV to cduttoncompassltd.co.uk." "['deputy', 'rgn', 'rmn', 'swansea', 'time', 'permanent', 'compass', 'associates', 'closely', 'valued', 'recruit', 'rgn', 'rmn', 'qualified', 'deputy', 'area', 'swansea', 'deputy', 'similar', 'applicant', 'lead', 'act', 'absence', 'requirements', 'senior', 'registered', 'nmc', 'rgn', 'rmn', 'permanent', 'time', 'offering', 'annum', 'call', 'carl', 'compass', 'associates', 'email', 'copy', 'cv', 'cduttoncompassltd']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Machine / Production Operative
Webindex: 66905324
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction One of my Key Clients are looking to recruit for a number of Machine / Production Operatives to work at their North Hampshire site. Important Must be able to read engineering drawings and follow working instructions The Job Job Description Working as part of a team to manufacture and test large engineered rubber hose. Work together to make sure the departments KPIs and objectives are met. This role will involve working in the new Hose Shop, operating new and existing hose building machinery. Person Specification Flexible, reliable, dependable, technically minded, able to read drawings and use basic measuring equipment, experience of working with their hands, open to change, willing to go the extra mile, willing and able to learn new skills, able to work to instructions, able to carry out physically demanding tasks. Qualifications Must be able to read engineering drawings, and follow working instructions. Previous Lean Manufacturing experience or work based training would be advantageous. Previous experience in a shop floor environment, working with machinery is a must. Experience Skills The job holder will have previous experience of working in a manufacturing environment. Ideally will have had some exposure to working with semiautomated machinery, as well as working with their hands. Experience of working with rubber is advantageous, but not a must. Experienced at reading engineering drawings is essential, and attention to detail is key. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00115.txt " Machine / Production Operative" " 66905324" " Matchtech Group plc." " Introduction One of my Key Clients are looking to recruit for a number of Machine / Production Operatives to work at their North Hampshire site. Important Must be able to read engineering drawings and follow working instructions The Job Job Description Working as part of a team to manufacture and test large engineered rubber hose. Work together to make sure the departments KPIs and objectives are met. This role will involve working in the new Hose Shop, operating new and existing hose building machinery. Person Specification Flexible, reliable, dependable, technically minded, able to read drawings and use basic measuring equipment, experience of working with their hands, open to change, willing to go the extra mile, willing and able to learn new skills, able to work to instructions, able to carry out physically demanding tasks. Qualifications Must be able to read engineering drawings, and follow working instructions. Previous Lean Manufacturing experience or work based training would be advantageous. Previous experience in a shop floor environment, working with machinery is a must. Experience Skills The job holder will have previous experience of working in a manufacturing environment. Ideally will have had some exposure to working with semiautomated machinery, as well as working with their hands. Experience of working with rubber is advantageous, but not a must. Experienced at reading engineering drawings is essential, and attention to detail is key. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK" "['introduction', 'key', 'recruit', 'number', 'machine', 'production', 'operatives', 'north', 'hampshire', 'site', 'important', 'read', 'drawings', 'follow', 'instructions', 'description', 'part', 'manufacture', 'test', 'large', 'engineered', 'rubber', 'hose', 'make', 'departments', 'kpis', 'objectives', 'met', 'involve', 'hose', 'shop', 'operating', 'existing', 'hose', 'building', 'machinery', 'person', 'specification', 'flexible', 'reliable', 'dependable', 'technically', 'minded', 'read', 'drawings', 'basic', 'measuring', 'equipment', 'hands', 'open', 'change', 'extra', 'mile', 'learn', 'instructions', 'carry', 'physically', 'demanding', 'tasks', 'qualifications', 'read', 'drawings', 'follow', 'instructions', 'previous', 'lean', 'manufacturing', 'advantageous', 'previous', 'shop', 'floor', 'environment', 'machinery', 'holder', 'previous', 'manufacturing', 'environment', 'ideally', 'exposure', 'semiautomated', 'machinery', 'hands', 'rubber', 'advantageous', 'experienced', 'reading', 'drawings', 'essential', 'attention', 'detail', 'key', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'live']" Engineering
"Title: Adults Qualified Social Worker Gloucestershire
Webindex: 72441328
Company: 4Social Work
Description: Adults | Qualified Social Worker | Gloucestershire Currently seeking a Qualified Social Worker Adults in Gloucestershire. The required criteria is 2 years  post qualifying experience for Qualified Social Worker Adults services Gloucestershire. You will have experience of Experience of working on a duty desk Assessment of Care Packages Working in a high paced team Liaising with Clients and Professionals/Agencies Risk Assessments Knowledge of relevant legislation You must be: HCPC Registered Eligible to work in the UK Car Driver Salary range is ****ph ****Social Work is a specialist recruitment agency for Qualified Social Workers and care professionals.We offer. Bonuses for your loyalty and referrals Training opportunities and professional development Full support by an expert Social Work Consultant team ****Social Work Employee Benefits Programme For more information and to find other vacancies in your area contact Ryan Hurst on **** **** **** or email ryanh****socialwork.com Who Cares? We Do. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AdultsQualifiedSocialWorkerGloucestershire_job****" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00561.txt " Adults Qualified Social Worker Gloucestershire" " 72441328" " 4Social Work" " Adults | Qualified Social Worker | Gloucestershire Currently seeking a Qualified Social Worker Adults in Gloucestershire. The required criteria is 2 years  post qualifying experience for Qualified Social Worker Adults services Gloucestershire. You will have experience of Experience of working on a duty desk Assessment of Care Packages Working in a high paced team Liaising with Clients and Professionals/Agencies Risk Assessments Knowledge of relevant legislation You must be: HCPC Registered Eligible to work in the UK Car Driver Salary range is ****ph ****Social Work is a specialist recruitment agency for Qualified Social Workers and care professionals.We offer. Bonuses for your loyalty and referrals Training opportunities and professional development Full support by an expert Social Work Consultant team ****Social Work Employee Benefits Programme For more information and to find other vacancies in your area contact Ryan Hurst on **** **** **** or email ryanh****socialwork.com Who Cares? We Do. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AdultsQualifiedSocialWorkerGloucestershire_job****" "['adults', 'qualified', 'social', 'worker', 'gloucestershire', 'seeking', 'qualified', 'social', 'worker', 'adults', 'gloucestershire', 'criteria', 'years', 'post', 'qualifying', 'qualified', 'social', 'worker', 'adults', 'gloucestershire', 'duty', 'desk', 'assessment', 'packages', 'paced', 'liaising', 'professionals', 'agencies', 'risk', 'assessments', 'relevant', 'legislation', 'hcpc', 'registered', 'eligible', 'car', 'driver', 'range', 'ph', 'social', 'specialist', 'agency', 'qualified', 'social', 'workers', 'professionals', 'offer', 'bonuses', 'loyalty', 'referrals', 'opportunities', 'professional', 'expert', 'social', 'consultant', 'social', 'employee', 'benefits', 'programme', 'information', 'find', 'vacancies', 'area', 'contact', 'email', 'cares', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: CNC Miller
Webindex: 69559906
Company: Shorterm Group
Description: CNC Miller, Engineering, Aerospace, Located Nottingham, Salary  Negotiable We are currently recruiting for a skilled experienced **** axis CNC Machinist to join our Nottinghamshire based client on a permanent basis. The machine is a Mazak **** axis Milling machine. Our client manufactures various precision components and products for predominantly the Aerospace industry. The candidate must;  Have the capabilities to Set and Operate using Mazatrol / Fanuc controls.  Ability to work on various materials, including Mild Steel, Stainless Steel Aluminium etc.  Be diverse as will be working on various components  Adhere to high standards, Tight tolerances as working on precision components  Read and interpret engineering drawings Ideally be time served. Shift: Mornings / Afternoon Hours: **** / **** Hours: **** per week Salary: dependent on experience The position is permanent therefore offers stability along with a competitive salary, availability for overtime paying premium rates, inspections stamp entitlements, Holiday entitlement along with other additional bonuses. If you are interested in this position or know of anyone who may be looking for new exciting opportunities then please contact one of our experienced recruitment consultants, James Hall on (Apply online only) or simply send us a copy your most up to date CV for submittal Furthermore if you know of anyone who matches these requirements and is looking for work then please contact James Hall on (Apply online only) as successful referrals are rewarded. Shorterm are a specialist technical recruitment agency that supply skilled labour to Engineering and Aerospace companies throughout the UK" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00183.txt " CNC Miller" " 69559906" " Shorterm Group" " CNC Miller, Engineering, Aerospace, Located Nottingham, Salary  Negotiable We are currently recruiting for a skilled experienced **** axis CNC Machinist to join our Nottinghamshire based client on a permanent basis. The machine is a Mazak **** axis Milling machine. Our client manufactures various precision components and products for predominantly the Aerospace industry. The candidate must;  Have the capabilities to Set and Operate using Mazatrol / Fanuc controls.  Ability to work on various materials, including Mild Steel, Stainless Steel Aluminium etc.  Be diverse as will be working on various components  Adhere to high standards, Tight tolerances as working on precision components  Read and interpret engineering drawings Ideally be time served. Shift: Mornings / Afternoon Hours: **** / **** Hours: **** per week Salary: dependent on experience The position is permanent therefore offers stability along with a competitive salary, availability for overtime paying premium rates, inspections stamp entitlements, Holiday entitlement along with other additional bonuses. If you are interested in this position or know of anyone who may be looking for new exciting opportunities then please contact one of our experienced recruitment consultants, James Hall on (Apply online only) or simply send us a copy your most up to date CV for submittal Furthermore if you know of anyone who matches these requirements and is looking for work then please contact James Hall on (Apply online only) as successful referrals are rewarded. Shorterm are a specialist technical recruitment agency that supply skilled labour to Engineering and Aerospace companies throughout the UK" "['cnc', 'miller', 'aerospace', 'located', 'nottingham', 'negotiable', 'recruiting', 'skilled', 'experienced', 'axis', 'cnc', 'machinist', 'nottinghamshire', 'permanent', 'basis', 'machine', 'mazak', 'axis', 'milling', 'machine', 'manufactures', 'precision', 'components', 'products', 'predominantly', 'aerospace', 'industry', 'capabilities', 'set', 'operate', 'mazatrol', 'fanuc', 'controls', 'materials', 'mild', 'steel', 'stainless', 'steel', 'aluminium', 'diverse', 'components', 'adhere', 'standards', 'tight', 'tolerances', 'precision', 'components', 'read', 'interpret', 'drawings', 'ideally', 'time', 'served', 'shift', 'mornings', 'afternoon', 'hours', 'hours', 'week', 'dependent', 'permanent', 'offers', 'stability', 'competitive', 'availability', 'overtime', 'paying', 'premium', 'rates', 'inspections', 'holiday', 'entitlement', 'additional', 'bonuses', 'interested', 'exciting', 'opportunities', 'contact', 'experienced', 'consultants', 'james', 'hall', 'online', 'simply', 'send', 'copy', 'date', 'cv', 'matches', 'requirements', 'contact', 'james', 'hall', 'online', 'referrals', 'rewarded', 'specialist', 'technical', 'agency', 'supply', 'skilled', 'labour', 'aerospace', 'companies']" Engineering
"Title: Electronics Hardware Engineer  Digital / Analogue Design
Webindex: 55409704
Company: Informatiq Consulting
Description: Electronic Engineer  digital and analogue design Location  Hertfordshire Salary  ****k Bens  DOE A talented Electronic Engineer is required by this impressive global equipment manufacturer in Hertfordshire. Reporting into the Engineering Manager, you will be responsible for full lifecycle hardware design for low power HV handheld equipment, on defence and security projects. Joining a small team of talented design engineers , you will be involved in all aspects of product design, incl circuit design of HV equipment , hence this position would suit a talented engineer who has designed products to meet strict safety regulations. With proven background in most of the below, you will be technically minded and want to develop your career in a handson role ie this not for engineers who aspire to be Project Managers    Proven Electronic Hardware Engineer expertise  Both Digital and Analogue design experience is a MUST  Mixed Signal PCB Layout  Experience using a relevant design tool  Altium Designer , ORCAD , Mentor (or similar as training will be given)  DCDC Converters  Knowledge of RF technology (desirable)  EMC / Safety Testing (desirable)  Security Clearable at short notice is a MUST  If you fill you meet the above , and would like the opportunity to grow your career with a genuine Global Brand , then please apply." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00037.txt " Electronics Hardware Engineer  Digital / Analogue Design" " 55409704" " Informatiq Consulting" " Electronic Engineer  digital and analogue design Location  Hertfordshire Salary  ****k Bens  DOE A talented Electronic Engineer is required by this impressive global equipment manufacturer in Hertfordshire. Reporting into the Engineering Manager, you will be responsible for full lifecycle hardware design for low power HV handheld equipment, on defence and security projects. Joining a small team of talented design engineers , you will be involved in all aspects of product design, incl circuit design of HV equipment , hence this position would suit a talented engineer who has designed products to meet strict safety regulations. With proven background in most of the below, you will be technically minded and want to develop your career in a handson role ie this not for engineers who aspire to be Project Managers    Proven Electronic Hardware Engineer expertise  Both Digital and Analogue design experience is a MUST  Mixed Signal PCB Layout  Experience using a relevant design tool  Altium Designer , ORCAD , Mentor (or similar as training will be given)  DCDC Converters  Knowledge of RF technology (desirable)  EMC / Safety Testing (desirable)  Security Clearable at short notice is a MUST  If you fill you meet the above , and would like the opportunity to grow your career with a genuine Global Brand , then please apply." "['electronic', 'digital', 'analogue', 'location', 'hertfordshire', 'bens', 'doe', 'talented', 'electronic', 'impressive', 'global', 'equipment', 'manufacturer', 'hertfordshire', 'reporting', 'responsible', 'lifecycle', 'hardware', 'low', 'power', 'hv', 'handheld', 'equipment', 'defence', 'security', 'projects', 'joining', 'small', 'talented', 'engineers', 'involved', 'aspects', 'product', 'incl', 'circuit', 'hv', 'equipment', 'suit', 'talented', 'designed', 'products', 'meet', 'strict', 'safety', 'regulations', 'proven', 'background', 'technically', 'minded', 'develop', 'career', 'handson', 'engineers', 'aspire', 'project', 'managers', 'proven', 'electronic', 'hardware', 'expertise', 'digital', 'analogue', 'mixed', 'signal', 'pcb', 'layout', 'relevant', 'tool', 'designer', 'orcad', 'mentor', 'similar', 'converters', 'rf', 'technology', 'desirable', 'emc', 'safety', 'testing', 'desirable', 'security', 'short', 'notice', 'fill', 'meet', 'grow', 'career', 'genuine', 'global', 'brand']" Engineering
"Title: EMEA Business Development Manager
Webindex: 69577650
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Fastmarkets is a leading global provider of metals prices and impartial, independent breaking news and research. They are currently going through an exciting expansion phase and are looking to grow their London based Business Development team. They are looking for individuals, ideally with European languages to increase market share. Below are some key responsibilities that you will be required to do within your role:  Demonstrate an understanding of the markets that the company operates in and an in depth knowledge of the company`s products, who buys them and why.  Confidence in approaching potential prospects and ability to demonstrate the company`s products effectively  Sell subscriptions and data feeds in line with the Sales Director`s direction and strategy To be successful with your application you will have the following:  You will speak Italian and ideally another language but this is not essential  You will have experience in selling financial based information services  Excellent sales and negotiation skills within a B2B context  Demonstrate strong drive and enthusiasm  Excellent communication and `people skills`, both verbally and in writing  Ability to work under pressure and with a strong eye for detail Fastmarkets area global provider of non ferrous and precious metal prices and impartial, independent breaking news and research. They have been established now for over 10 years now and have a offices in USA and Asia. Basic up to ****  **** OTE (uncapped)  Benefits Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as N/A .uk/JobSeeking/EMEABusinessDevelopmentManager_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00661.txt " EMEA Business Development Manager" " 69577650" " UKStaffsearch" " Fastmarkets is a leading global provider of metals prices and impartial, independent breaking news and research. They are currently going through an exciting expansion phase and are looking to grow their London based Business Development team. They are looking for individuals, ideally with European languages to increase market share. Below are some key responsibilities that you will be required to do within your role:  Demonstrate an understanding of the markets that the company operates in and an in depth knowledge of the company`s products, who buys them and why.  Confidence in approaching potential prospects and ability to demonstrate the company`s products effectively  Sell subscriptions and data feeds in line with the Sales Director`s direction and strategy To be successful with your application you will have the following:  You will speak Italian and ideally another language but this is not essential  You will have experience in selling financial based information services  Excellent sales and negotiation skills within a B2B context  Demonstrate strong drive and enthusiasm  Excellent communication and `people skills`, both verbally and in writing  Ability to work under pressure and with a strong eye for detail Fastmarkets area global provider of non ferrous and precious metal prices and impartial, independent breaking news and research. They have been established now for over 10 years now and have a offices in USA and Asia. Basic up to ****  **** OTE (uncapped)  Benefits Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as N/A .uk/JobSeeking/EMEABusinessDevelopmentManager_job****" "['fastmarkets', 'global', 'provider', 'metals', 'prices', 'impartial', 'independent', 'breaking', 'news', 'research', 'exciting', 'expansion', 'phase', 'grow', 'london', 'individuals', 'ideally', 'european', 'languages', 'increase', 'market', 'share', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'demonstrate', 'understanding', 'markets', 'operates', 'depth', 'products', 'confidence', 'potential', 'prospects', 'demonstrate', 'products', 'effectively', 'sell', 'data', 'feeds', 'line', 'director', 'direction', 'strategy', 'application', 'speak', 'italian', 'ideally', 'language', 'essential', 'selling', 'information', 'negotiation', 'context', 'demonstrate', 'drive', 'enthusiasm', 'communication', 'people', 'verbally', 'writing', 'pressure', 'eye', 'detail', 'fastmarkets', 'area', 'global', 'provider', 'metal', 'prices', 'impartial', 'independent', 'breaking', 'news', 'research', 'established', 'years', 'offices', 'usa', 'asia', 'basic', 'ote', 'uncapped', 'benefits', 'application', 'reviewed', 'michael', 'page', 'aware', 'receive', 'volume', 'applications', 'advertised', 'regularly', 'receive', 'applications', 'candidates', 'exceed', 'credentials', 'contact', 'days', 'selected', 'interview', 'specific', 'qualifications', 'account', 'overseas', 'equivalents', 'michael', 'page', 'world', 'consultancy', 'originally', 'posted', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Director of Business Strategic Support
Webindex: 69073451
Company: Allen Lane
Description: West London Mental Health NHS Trust is one of the most diverse specialist mental health services in the UK. They provide care and treatment for around **** people each year and serve a local population of around **** residents. As an organisation they provide a full range of local mental health services to the London boroughs of Ealing, Hammersmith it could be the NHS or wider public services but equally likely is a well known commercial enterprise or professional firm. More importantly, you will be an intelligent individual who has enjoyed a progressive career and is outstanding in person. Pay will be dependent on the NHS Agenda for Change terms and conditions, which is dependent on previous experience at this grade and NHS experience if relevant. For a conversation regarding the position please contact Adrian Watts on [contact details removed] . Please be aware that applications will be assessed as soon as received and interviews may take place prior to the close date. As such early application is recommended. To apply please email your CV, a covering letter expressing reasons for interest and current package to [contact details removed] . Application Closing Date: Friday 15th February" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00375.txt " Director of Business Strategic Support" " 69073451" " Allen Lane" " West London Mental Health NHS Trust is one of the most diverse specialist mental health services in the UK. They provide care and treatment for around **** people each year and serve a local population of around **** residents. As an organisation they provide a full range of local mental health services to the London boroughs of Ealing, Hammersmith it could be the NHS or wider public services but equally likely is a well known commercial enterprise or professional firm. More importantly, you will be an intelligent individual who has enjoyed a progressive career and is outstanding in person. Pay will be dependent on the NHS Agenda for Change terms and conditions, which is dependent on previous experience at this grade and NHS experience if relevant. For a conversation regarding the position please contact Adrian Watts on [contact details removed] . Please be aware that applications will be assessed as soon as received and interviews may take place prior to the close date. As such early application is recommended. To apply please email your CV, a covering letter expressing reasons for interest and current package to [contact details removed] . Application Closing Date: Friday 15th February" "['west', 'london', 'mental', 'health', 'nhs', 'trust', 'diverse', 'specialist', 'mental', 'health', 'treatment', 'people', 'year', 'serve', 'local', 'population', 'residents', 'organisation', 'range', 'local', 'mental', 'health', 'london', 'ealing', 'hammersmith', 'nhs', 'wider', 'public', 'equally', 'commercial', 'enterprise', 'professional', 'firm', 'importantly', 'intelligent', 'individual', 'enjoyed', 'progressive', 'career', 'outstanding', 'person', 'pay', 'dependent', 'nhs', 'change', 'terms', 'conditions', 'dependent', 'previous', 'grade', 'nhs', 'relevant', 'contact', 'adrian', 'contact', 'details', 'removed', 'aware', 'applications', 'assessed', 'received', 'interviews', 'place', 'prior', 'close', 'date', 'early', 'application', 'recommended', 'email', 'cv', 'covering', 'letter', 'expressing', 'reasons', 'interest', 'current', 'package', 'contact', 'details', 'removed', 'application', 'closing', 'date', 'friday', 'february']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Mortgage Processor
Webindex: 71671543
Company: Interaction   Wolverhampton
Description: Interaction are pleased to be recruiting on behalf of their client for a Mortgage Processor to join their expanding team. To assess, analyse and process BuytoLet mortgage applications from a wide range of sources for a wide range of BuytoLet mortgage lenders, from receipt of application to offer of loan.  Day one assessment of BuytoLet mortgage applications  Obtaining decisions in principal to lend from various lenders  Preparing outstanding requirement letters  Offering alternative solutions to declined applications  Analysing and assessing all precompletion incoming post, emails and faxes  Communicating with customers, financial intermediaries and lenders where appropriate Personal skills The right applicant must possess an understanding of the mortgage process **** per annum Mon  Thurs  95.30pm and Fri  95pm Please apply by emailing your CV to laura.pritchardinteractionrecruitment.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MortgageProcessor_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00412.txt " Mortgage Processor" " 71671543" " Interaction   Wolverhampton" " Interaction are pleased to be recruiting on behalf of their client for a Mortgage Processor to join their expanding team. To assess, analyse and process BuytoLet mortgage applications from a wide range of sources for a wide range of BuytoLet mortgage lenders, from receipt of application to offer of loan.  Day one assessment of BuytoLet mortgage applications  Obtaining decisions in principal to lend from various lenders  Preparing outstanding requirement letters  Offering alternative solutions to declined applications  Analysing and assessing all precompletion incoming post, emails and faxes  Communicating with customers, financial intermediaries and lenders where appropriate Personal skills The right applicant must possess an understanding of the mortgage process **** per annum Mon  Thurs  95.30pm and Fri  95pm Please apply by emailing your CV to laura.pritchardinteractionrecruitment.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MortgageProcessor_job****" "['interaction', 'pleased', 'recruiting', 'behalf', 'mortgage', 'expanding', 'assess', 'analyse', 'process', 'buytolet', 'mortgage', 'applications', 'wide', 'range', 'sources', 'wide', 'range', 'buytolet', 'mortgage', 'lenders', 'receipt', 'application', 'offer', 'loan', 'day', 'assessment', 'buytolet', 'mortgage', 'applications', 'obtaining', 'decisions', 'principal', 'lend', 'lenders', 'preparing', 'outstanding', 'requirement', 'letters', 'offering', 'alternative', 'solutions', 'applications', 'analysing', 'assessing', 'incoming', 'post', 'emails', 'communicating', 'customers', 'lenders', 'personal', 'applicant', 'possess', 'understanding', 'mortgage', 'process', 'annum', 'mon', 'thurs', 'pm', 'fri', 'pm', 'emailing', 'cv', 'laura', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Personal Injury Solicitor / Auditor
Webindex: 71748554
Company: Network Employment Consultancy
Description: Location: Bradford / Leeds Personal Injury Solicitor Salary paying ****  **** dependant on experience. Rapidly expanding claims management firm, with a leading name for personal injury work and an enviable client base, looking for a candidate ranging from either fee earners to solicitors in order to work on and audit a large case load. We are looking for a candidate that has experience across a number of different PI areas and one that has conducted work on RTA, EL/OL/PL ,Clinical, CICA, Fraud and Professional negligence. We have both litigated and pre litigated files with both fast track and multi track claims. You will be auditing/reviewing a number of files which demands a number of technical skills within this personal injury role. Please send a copy of your CV to: Donna Hudson Due to the amount of response we receive, unfortunately we are not able to give feedback to individuals, if you have not heard back within 7 days please assume that you have not been successful for the role you have applied for" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00363.txt " Personal Injury Solicitor / Auditor" " 71748554" " Network Employment Consultancy" " Location: Bradford / Leeds Personal Injury Solicitor Salary paying ****  **** dependant on experience. Rapidly expanding claims management firm, with a leading name for personal injury work and an enviable client base, looking for a candidate ranging from either fee earners to solicitors in order to work on and audit a large case load. We are looking for a candidate that has experience across a number of different PI areas and one that has conducted work on RTA, EL/OL/PL ,Clinical, CICA, Fraud and Professional negligence. We have both litigated and pre litigated files with both fast track and multi track claims. You will be auditing/reviewing a number of files which demands a number of technical skills within this personal injury role. Please send a copy of your CV to: Donna Hudson Due to the amount of response we receive, unfortunately we are not able to give feedback to individuals, if you have not heard back within 7 days please assume that you have not been successful for the role you have applied for" "['location', 'bradford', 'leeds', 'personal', 'injury', 'paying', 'dependant', 'rapidly', 'expanding', 'claims', 'firm', 'personal', 'injury', 'enviable', 'base', 'ranging', 'fee', 'earners', 'solicitors', 'order', 'audit', 'large', 'case', 'load', 'number', 'areas', 'conducted', 'pl', 'clinical', 'fraud', 'professional', 'litigated', 'pre', 'litigated', 'files', 'fast', 'track', 'multi', 'track', 'claims', 'auditing', 'reviewing', 'number', 'files', 'demands', 'number', 'technical', 'personal', 'injury', 'send', 'copy', 'cv', 'donna', 'due', 'amount', 'response', 'receive', 'give', 'feedback', 'individuals', 'heard', 'back', 'days', 'assume', 'applied']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: New Business Sales Executive  London
Webindex: 69694967
Company: ABR Associates
Description: Location: London Job Type: Permanent Salary: &pound****  &pound**** per annum, inc benefits, OTE About the Company Our client is the UK&rsquos preeminent provider of legal knowhow, transactional analysis and market intelligence for business lawyers. They work closely with law firms and in house law departments to provide innovative and practical solutions in knowhow, technology and practice development. Their clients include most major international law firms and over 90% of the FTSE 100. About the Role of New Business Executive Law Firms You will be converting incoming leads to sales by selling online legal information to new clients. The service is an online legal information portal very much considered a &****must have&**** as opposed to a nice to have within the legal profession. The role is office based. You will be rewarded with a basic salary very generous and uncapped commission structure, selling their online services into internal legal departments of companies throughout the world. In any given day you could be selling to clients in Europe, Middle East, North America, Africa & Asia. The company is one of the fastest growing within the Legal sector, offer fantastic earning potential and are a fun and vibrant place to work. Candidate Requirements &bullProven track record in new business and used to working towards and exceeding targets &bullExcellent negotiator with strong demonstration and presentation skills &bullAbility to work in a target driven pressured environment &bullSelf motivated and proactive &bullAbility to demo online content over the web &bullIT literate, ability to learn inhouse database system &bullAbility to work autonomously to hit KPIs &bullLegal background or legal knowledge is desirable If you feel this is something you would be interested in and have the necessary experience please send your CV to us. We look forward to hearing from you ABR Associates Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this role and specialises in placing candidates into permanent positions within Media, Business Information, events, Technology and Corporate Communications &nbsp PLEASE APPLY NOW" 3 data/Sales\Job_00738.txt " New Business Sales Executive  London" " 69694967" " ABR Associates" " Location: London Job Type: Permanent Salary: &pound****  &pound**** per annum, inc benefits, OTE About the Company Our client is the UK&rsquos preeminent provider of legal knowhow, transactional analysis and market intelligence for business lawyers. They work closely with law firms and in house law departments to provide innovative and practical solutions in knowhow, technology and practice development. Their clients include most major international law firms and over 90% of the FTSE 100. About the Role of New Business Executive Law Firms You will be converting incoming leads to sales by selling online legal information to new clients. The service is an online legal information portal very much considered a &****must have&**** as opposed to a nice to have within the legal profession. The role is office based. You will be rewarded with a basic salary very generous and uncapped commission structure, selling their online services into internal legal departments of companies throughout the world. In any given day you could be selling to clients in Europe, Middle East, North America, Africa & Asia. The company is one of the fastest growing within the Legal sector, offer fantastic earning potential and are a fun and vibrant place to work. Candidate Requirements &bullProven track record in new business and used to working towards and exceeding targets &bullExcellent negotiator with strong demonstration and presentation skills &bullAbility to work in a target driven pressured environment &bullSelf motivated and proactive &bullAbility to demo online content over the web &bullIT literate, ability to learn inhouse database system &bullAbility to work autonomously to hit KPIs &bullLegal background or legal knowledge is desirable If you feel this is something you would be interested in and have the necessary experience please send your CV to us. We look forward to hearing from you ABR Associates Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this role and specialises in placing candidates into permanent positions within Media, Business Information, events, Technology and Corporate Communications &nbsp PLEASE APPLY NOW" "['location', 'london', 'type', 'permanent', 'pound', 'pound', 'annum', 'benefits', 'ote', 'rsquos', 'provider', 'legal', 'knowhow', 'transactional', 'analysis', 'market', 'intelligence', 'closely', 'law', 'firms', 'house', 'law', 'departments', 'innovative', 'practical', 'solutions', 'knowhow', 'technology', 'practice', 'include', 'major', 'international', 'law', 'firms', 'ftse', 'executive', 'law', 'firms', 'converting', 'incoming', 'leads', 'selling', 'online', 'legal', 'information', 'online', 'legal', 'information', 'portal', 'considered', 'legal', 'profession', 'office', 'rewarded', 'basic', 'generous', 'uncapped', 'commission', 'structure', 'selling', 'online', 'internal', 'legal', 'departments', 'companies', 'world', 'day', 'selling', 'europe', 'middle', 'east', 'north', 'america', 'africa', 'asia', 'fastest', 'growing', 'legal', 'sector', 'offer', 'fantastic', 'earning', 'potential', 'fun', 'vibrant', 'place', 'requirements', 'track', 'record', 'exceeding', 'targets', 'negotiator', 'demonstration', 'presentation', 'bullability', 'target', 'driven', 'pressured', 'environment', 'motivated', 'proactive', 'bullability', 'demo', 'online', 'content', 'web', 'literate', 'learn', 'inhouse', 'database', 'system', 'bullability', 'autonomously', 'hit', 'kpis', 'background', 'legal', 'desirable', 'feel', 'interested', 'send', 'cv', 'forward', 'hearing', 'associates', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'specialises', 'placing', 'candidates', 'permanent', 'positions', 'media', 'information', 'events', 'technology', 'corporate', 'communications', 'nbsp']" Sales
"Title: MARKET LIQUIDITY RISK MANAGER
Webindex: 69087918
Company: Millar Associates
Description: KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:Implement the strategy for market risk management.Establish risk appetite framework of limits and controls, setting market and ALM risk limits. Work directly with the business to understand of business strategy and key risksDrive systems & process changes to enable high quality deliverables from Market RiskLead market risk team providing vision including recruitmentManage and minimise operational risksBuild relationships with stakeholdersSupport change projects for continuous improvement ESSENTIAL SKILLS:Market risk management and treasury for NonTraded Market Risks, FTP, ALM, liquidity and financial riskUnderstanding of relevant regulations (e.g. IRRBB) and exposure to regulatorsExcellent written & oral communication skills, especially to less market & liquidity risk aware businessesProven experience in a similar role Retail Banking experienceDegree or Masters in scientific maths discipline DESIRABLE:Professional qualification (e.g. PRM) or TreasuryAMCT/MCT qualification a plus" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00279.txt " MARKET LIQUIDITY RISK MANAGER" " 69087918" " Millar Associates" " KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:Implement the strategy for market risk management.Establish risk appetite framework of limits and controls, setting market and ALM risk limits. Work directly with the business to understand of business strategy and key risksDrive systems & process changes to enable high quality deliverables from Market RiskLead market risk team providing vision including recruitmentManage and minimise operational risksBuild relationships with stakeholdersSupport change projects for continuous improvement ESSENTIAL SKILLS:Market risk management and treasury for NonTraded Market Risks, FTP, ALM, liquidity and financial riskUnderstanding of relevant regulations (e.g. IRRBB) and exposure to regulatorsExcellent written & oral communication skills, especially to less market & liquidity risk aware businessesProven experience in a similar role Retail Banking experienceDegree or Masters in scientific maths discipline DESIRABLE:Professional qualification (e.g. PRM) or TreasuryAMCT/MCT qualification a plus" "['key', 'responsibilities', 'implement', 'strategy', 'market', 'risk', 'establish', 'risk', 'appetite', 'framework', 'limits', 'controls', 'setting', 'market', 'alm', 'risk', 'limits', 'directly', 'understand', 'strategy', 'key', 'process', 'enable', 'quality', 'deliverables', 'market', 'market', 'risk', 'providing', 'vision', 'minimise', 'operational', 'relationships', 'change', 'projects', 'continuous', 'improvement', 'essential', 'market', 'risk', 'treasury', 'market', 'risks', 'ftp', 'alm', 'liquidity', 'relevant', 'regulations', 'exposure', 'written', 'oral', 'communication', 'market', 'liquidity', 'risk', 'aware', 'similar', 'retail', 'banking', 'masters', 'scientific', 'maths', 'discipline', 'desirable', 'professional', 'qualification', 'qualification']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Mechanical Maintenance Fitter
Webindex: 68704193
Company: Hays
Description: A fantastic opportunity for a Mechanical Maintenance Fitter has arisen within a growing manufacturing organisation within Stoke on Trent. As a Mechanical Maintenance Fitter you will be working within a small team and be responsible for maintaining all heavy plant machinery within the factory. Duties will involve reactive maintenance  repairing all heavy manufacturing equipment, for example, pump repairs and motor repairs. PPM schedules also need to be adhered on a weekly / monthly basis. Electrical knowledge is also beneficial to complete tasks such as fault finding and minor installation works. A City and Guilds qualification / ONC in Engineering or equivalent is essential as well as a good knowledge of hydraulics and pneumatics. If you are a great team player, enthusiastic and hard working looking for a new challenge then please send you CV to Kate Mason ASAP. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MechanicalMaintenanceFitter_job****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00134.txt " Mechanical Maintenance Fitter" " 68704193" " Hays" " A fantastic opportunity for a Mechanical Maintenance Fitter has arisen within a growing manufacturing organisation within Stoke on Trent. As a Mechanical Maintenance Fitter you will be working within a small team and be responsible for maintaining all heavy plant machinery within the factory. Duties will involve reactive maintenance  repairing all heavy manufacturing equipment, for example, pump repairs and motor repairs. PPM schedules also need to be adhered on a weekly / monthly basis. Electrical knowledge is also beneficial to complete tasks such as fault finding and minor installation works. A City and Guilds qualification / ONC in Engineering or equivalent is essential as well as a good knowledge of hydraulics and pneumatics. If you are a great team player, enthusiastic and hard working looking for a new challenge then please send you CV to Kate Mason ASAP. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MechanicalMaintenanceFitter_job****" "['fantastic', 'mechanical', 'maintenance', 'fitter', 'arisen', 'growing', 'manufacturing', 'organisation', 'stoke', 'trent', 'mechanical', 'maintenance', 'fitter', 'small', 'responsible', 'maintaining', 'heavy', 'plant', 'machinery', 'factory', 'duties', 'involve', 'reactive', 'maintenance', 'repairing', 'heavy', 'manufacturing', 'equipment', 'pump', 'repairs', 'motor', 'repairs', 'ppm', 'schedules', 'adhered', 'weekly', 'monthly', 'basis', 'electrical', 'beneficial', 'complete', 'tasks', 'fault', 'finding', 'minor', 'installation', 'works', 'city', 'guilds', 'qualification', 'onc', 'equivalent', 'essential', 'hydraulics', 'pneumatics', 'great', 'player', 'enthusiastic', 'hard', 'challenge', 'send', 'cv', 'mason', 'asap', 'hays', 'specialist', 'limited', 'acts', 'employment', 'agency', 'permanent', 'employment', 'supply', 'temporary', 'workers', 'applying', 'accept', 'privacy', 'policy', 'disclaimers', 'found', 'hays', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Engineering
"Title: Control Systems Commissioning Engineer
Webindex: 71099880
Company: London4Jobs
Description: My client is actively looking for a Control Systems Commissioning Engineer to work as part of the Power Service department. You will be required to attend site to supervise the mechanical and electrical installation of equipment. Upon completion of the installation, the Engineer will be part of a team to bring the equipment into service and fully commission and load performance test. The position involves working on projects overseas as well as in the UK. The chosen candidate will either have a time served apprenticeship or an HNC/HND (or equivalent) in an Electrical Engineering discipline. Working knowledge of PLCs and some experience in programming logic is a must, as is electrical knowledge and skills with some experience in control panels and diagnostic fault finding. Any previous experience with steam boilers and associated plant is desirable, as is C I knowledge and experience. Mechanical engineering skills, also combustion experience and knowledge of the chemical process is advantageous. Applicants should be selfmotivated with excellent communication and customer service skills, be commercially aware, with onsite project management experience. A current driving licence is a must as is a full passport with no restrictions regarding visas. This role demands a flexible approach to working hours and long periods of up to 28 days away from home. Ability to work under pressure of tight time schedules is essential. Overtime and bonus are also paid. Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00013.txt " Control Systems Commissioning Engineer" " 71099880" " London4Jobs" " My client is actively looking for a Control Systems Commissioning Engineer to work as part of the Power Service department. You will be required to attend site to supervise the mechanical and electrical installation of equipment. Upon completion of the installation, the Engineer will be part of a team to bring the equipment into service and fully commission and load performance test. The position involves working on projects overseas as well as in the UK. The chosen candidate will either have a time served apprenticeship or an HNC/HND (or equivalent) in an Electrical Engineering discipline. Working knowledge of PLCs and some experience in programming logic is a must, as is electrical knowledge and skills with some experience in control panels and diagnostic fault finding. Any previous experience with steam boilers and associated plant is desirable, as is C I knowledge and experience. Mechanical engineering skills, also combustion experience and knowledge of the chemical process is advantageous. Applicants should be selfmotivated with excellent communication and customer service skills, be commercially aware, with onsite project management experience. A current driving licence is a must as is a full passport with no restrictions regarding visas. This role demands a flexible approach to working hours and long periods of up to 28 days away from home. Ability to work under pressure of tight time schedules is essential. Overtime and bonus are also paid. Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy." "['actively', 'control', 'commissioning', 'part', 'power', 'department', 'attend', 'site', 'supervise', 'mechanical', 'electrical', 'installation', 'equipment', 'completion', 'installation', 'part', 'bring', 'equipment', 'fully', 'commission', 'load', 'performance', 'test', 'involves', 'projects', 'overseas', 'chosen', 'time', 'served', 'apprenticeship', 'hnc', 'hnd', 'equivalent', 'electrical', 'discipline', 'plcs', 'programming', 'electrical', 'control', 'panels', 'diagnostic', 'fault', 'finding', 'previous', 'steam', 'boilers', 'plant', 'desirable', 'mechanical', 'chemical', 'process', 'advantageous', 'applicants', 'selfmotivated', 'communication', 'commercially', 'aware', 'onsite', 'project', 'current', 'driving', 'licence', 'passport', 'restrictions', 'visas', 'demands', 'flexible', 'approach', 'hours', 'long', 'periods', 'days', 'pressure', 'tight', 'time', 'schedules', 'essential', 'overtime', 'bonus', 'paid', 'matchtech', 'acting', 'employment', 'relation', 'vacancy']" Engineering
"Title: Tax Assistant Manager
Webindex: 72457200
Company: Michael Page Finance
Description: The primary responsibility of this Southampton based Tax Assistant Manager will to provide a range of tax advisory services across a broad portfolio of major clients, many of which will be household names and market leading businesses. As such, much of the role is based around Corporate Tax.  The ideal candidate for this Tax Assistant Manager role will be a graduate with a strong academic background,whois ACA or CTA qualified.  Ideally, they will have a background in working in a similar capacity for a leading accountancy firm.  They should also have prior exposure toworking in Corporate Tax with major clients. Our client is a Big Four accountancy firm operating in Southampton. Competitive salary and benefits package. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TaxAssistantManager_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00316.txt " Tax Assistant Manager" " 72457200" " Michael Page Finance" " The primary responsibility of this Southampton based Tax Assistant Manager will to provide a range of tax advisory services across a broad portfolio of major clients, many of which will be household names and market leading businesses. As such, much of the role is based around Corporate Tax.  The ideal candidate for this Tax Assistant Manager role will be a graduate with a strong academic background,whois ACA or CTA qualified.  Ideally, they will have a background in working in a similar capacity for a leading accountancy firm.  They should also have prior exposure toworking in Corporate Tax with major clients. Our client is a Big Four accountancy firm operating in Southampton. Competitive salary and benefits package. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TaxAssistantManager_job****" "['primary', 'responsibility', 'southampton', 'tax', 'assistant', 'range', 'tax', 'advisory', 'broad', 'portfolio', 'major', 'household', 'names', 'market', 'businesses', 'corporate', 'tax', 'ideal', 'tax', 'assistant', 'graduate', 'academic', 'background', 'aca', 'cta', 'qualified', 'ideally', 'background', 'similar', 'capacity', 'accountancy', 'firm', 'prior', 'exposure', 'corporate', 'tax', 'major', 'big', 'accountancy', 'firm', 'operating', 'southampton', 'competitive', 'benefits', 'package', 'application', 'reviewed', 'michael', 'page', 'aware', 'receive', 'volume', 'applications', 'advertised', 'regularly', 'receive', 'applications', 'candidates', 'exceed', 'credentials', 'contact', 'days', 'selected', 'interview', 'specific', 'qualifications', 'account', 'overseas', 'equivalents', 'michael', 'page', 'world', 'consultancy', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Sales Executive  Sales Optimisation Software
Webindex: 68346273
Company: Century House
Description: JOB TITLE: Sales Executive  Sales Optimisation Software SELLING: Quote Management and Sales Optimisation Software SELLING TO: Enterprise TERRITORY: UK Northern Europe LOCATION: South East PACKAGE: Basic: ****K, OTE: ****K COMPANY INFORMATION Privately owned by a very large and powerful VC firm Cash rich and looking to take this superior software and grow fast Higher spend on Research and Development than all other competitors in there space Multiaward winning vendor for technology strength and business success Great training and advancement possibilities  Sales Executive  Sales Optimisation Software KEY EXPERIENCE REQUIRED  2 years proven track record of technology sales experience  New business sales person  Happy with closing deals over the phone as well as face to face  High level of intelligence  Methodical and strategic sales approach  Ideally degree educated in a maths or statistics subject  Additional European languages would be a plus.  Strong communicator  Activity driven ROLE INFORMATION  New business sales role selling leading solution of performance monitoring and reporting tools.  Further solutions also aid sales volume, accuracy, complexity and value while reducing sales cycles through guided selling, clear cataloguing and fast quoting tools  Target Enterprise businesses with dedicated inside sales teams that want to be more efficient and sell more.  Take qualified leads from marketing and the lead gen team and follow the sales process through from meeting to close.  Spend most of your time generating new logo business in a set territory however you will be given some accounts and pipeline.  Sales Executive  Sales Optimisation Software Candidates must be eligible to work and live in the UK. Please contact Ben Tunstall on **** **** **** or Please hit the apply button." 3 data/Sales\Job_00634.txt " Sales Executive  Sales Optimisation Software" " 68346273" " Century House" " JOB TITLE: Sales Executive  Sales Optimisation Software SELLING: Quote Management and Sales Optimisation Software SELLING TO: Enterprise TERRITORY: UK Northern Europe LOCATION: South East PACKAGE: Basic: ****K, OTE: ****K COMPANY INFORMATION Privately owned by a very large and powerful VC firm Cash rich and looking to take this superior software and grow fast Higher spend on Research and Development than all other competitors in there space Multiaward winning vendor for technology strength and business success Great training and advancement possibilities  Sales Executive  Sales Optimisation Software KEY EXPERIENCE REQUIRED  2 years proven track record of technology sales experience  New business sales person  Happy with closing deals over the phone as well as face to face  High level of intelligence  Methodical and strategic sales approach  Ideally degree educated in a maths or statistics subject  Additional European languages would be a plus.  Strong communicator  Activity driven ROLE INFORMATION  New business sales role selling leading solution of performance monitoring and reporting tools.  Further solutions also aid sales volume, accuracy, complexity and value while reducing sales cycles through guided selling, clear cataloguing and fast quoting tools  Target Enterprise businesses with dedicated inside sales teams that want to be more efficient and sell more.  Take qualified leads from marketing and the lead gen team and follow the sales process through from meeting to close.  Spend most of your time generating new logo business in a set territory however you will be given some accounts and pipeline.  Sales Executive  Sales Optimisation Software Candidates must be eligible to work and live in the UK. Please contact Ben Tunstall on **** **** **** or Please hit the apply button." "['title', 'executive', 'optimisation', 'software', 'selling', 'quote', 'optimisation', 'software', 'selling', 'enterprise', 'territory', 'northern', 'europe', 'location', 'south', 'east', 'package', 'basic', 'ote', 'information', 'privately', 'owned', 'large', 'powerful', 'firm', 'cash', 'rich', 'superior', 'software', 'grow', 'fast', 'higher', 'spend', 'research', 'competitors', 'space', 'winning', 'vendor', 'technology', 'strength', 'success', 'great', 'advancement', 'possibilities', 'executive', 'optimisation', 'software', 'key', 'years', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'technology', 'person', 'happy', 'closing', 'deals', 'phone', 'face', 'face', 'level', 'intelligence', 'methodical', 'strategic', 'approach', 'ideally', 'degree', 'educated', 'maths', 'statistics', 'subject', 'additional', 'european', 'languages', 'communicator', 'activity', 'driven', 'information', 'selling', 'solution', 'performance', 'monitoring', 'reporting', 'tools', 'solutions', 'aid', 'volume', 'accuracy', 'complexity', 'reducing', 'cycles', 'guided', 'selling', 'clear', 'fast', 'quoting', 'tools', 'target', 'enterprise', 'businesses', 'dedicated', 'inside', 'teams', 'efficient', 'sell', 'qualified', 'leads', 'marketing', 'lead', 'gen', 'follow', 'process', 'meeting', 'close', 'spend', 'time', 'generating', 'set', 'territory', 'accounts', 'pipeline', 'executive', 'optimisation', 'software', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'live', 'contact', 'ben', 'hit', 'button']" Sales
"Title: Children Nurses with Diabetes Experience Urgently Needed  Kingston upon Thames
Webindex: 70013065
Company: Kare Plus Agencies Limited
Description: Urgently Required Children Nurses Our Children’s nurse will be delivering client specific care to children with diabetic needs. The pediatric nurse will be responsible for daytoday care and supporting the child's family and giving advice and conducting regular checks. Experience working with own initiative & in a team setting is essential.Job requirements • The pediatric nurse will assist with the assessment of nursing care needs • Planning, delivering and implementing the agreed plan of care• Maintain accurate records and discuss updating care plans as necessary• Support and supervise healthcare assistants to maintain a high standard of careNecessary skills • You must be a pediatric nurse (RSCN) with a minimum of 6 months UK based health care experience within the last three years or RN Child with pediatric experience with a minimum of 6 months to a year competency• Current NMC registration• Whilst previous experience is not essential the pediatric nurse must be confident as a lone worker• Applicants should be friendly, an excellent communicator and selfmotivated with a keen interest in community based nursingThis is a nursing role with a difference. An opportunity for pediatric nurses to focus on providing excellent care and attend to the needs of a child and their family, developing relationships and providing stability to their care provision" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00566.txt " Children Nurses with Diabetes Experience Urgently Needed  Kingston upon Thames" " 70013065" " Kare Plus Agencies Limited" " Urgently Required Children Nurses Our Children’s nurse will be delivering client specific care to children with diabetic needs. The pediatric nurse will be responsible for daytoday care and supporting the child's family and giving advice and conducting regular checks. Experience working with own initiative & in a team setting is essential.Job requirements • The pediatric nurse will assist with the assessment of nursing care needs • Planning, delivering and implementing the agreed plan of care• Maintain accurate records and discuss updating care plans as necessary• Support and supervise healthcare assistants to maintain a high standard of careNecessary skills • You must be a pediatric nurse (RSCN) with a minimum of 6 months UK based health care experience within the last three years or RN Child with pediatric experience with a minimum of 6 months to a year competency• Current NMC registration• Whilst previous experience is not essential the pediatric nurse must be confident as a lone worker• Applicants should be friendly, an excellent communicator and selfmotivated with a keen interest in community based nursingThis is a nursing role with a difference. An opportunity for pediatric nurses to focus on providing excellent care and attend to the needs of a child and their family, developing relationships and providing stability to their care provision" "['urgently', 'children', 'nurses', 'children', 'nurse', 'delivering', 'specific', 'children', 'diabetic', 'pediatric', 'nurse', 'responsible', 'daytoday', 'supporting', ""child's"", 'family', 'giving', 'advice', 'conducting', 'regular', 'checks', 'initiative', 'setting', 'essential', 'requirements', 'pediatric', 'nurse', 'assist', 'assessment', 'nursing', 'planning', 'delivering', 'implementing', 'agreed', 'plan', 'maintain', 'accurate', 'records', 'discuss', 'updating', 'plans', 'supervise', 'healthcare', 'assistants', 'maintain', 'standard', 'pediatric', 'nurse', 'rscn', 'minimum', 'months', 'health', 'years', 'rn', 'child', 'pediatric', 'minimum', 'months', 'year', 'competency', 'current', 'nmc', 'registration', 'whilst', 'previous', 'essential', 'pediatric', 'nurse', 'confident', 'worker', 'applicants', 'friendly', 'communicator', 'selfmotivated', 'keen', 'interest', 'community', 'nursing', 'difference', 'pediatric', 'nurses', 'focus', 'providing', 'attend', 'child', 'family', 'developing', 'relationships', 'providing', 'stability', 'provision']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Interim Service Manager Disabled Children
Webindex: 54929044
Description: Interim Service Manager  Disabled Children An experienced Service Manager is required on an interim basis to lead a Child Health & Disability Team. The successful candidate will need to provide leadership through a difficult period of change. Experience of raising performance at the same time as managing morale will be critical. Experience of managing a Child Health & Disability Service would be helpful but more importantly solid case management of LAC and CP is particularly relevant. You will need to be registered with the HCPC or Care Council for Wales and you will be subject to an enhanced CRB disclosure at our expense. Contact Sarah Leigh at Eden Brown today on **** **** or email your CV to s.leighedenbrown.com Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00612.txt " Interim Service Manager Disabled Children" " 54929044"  " Interim Service Manager  Disabled Children An experienced Service Manager is required on an interim basis to lead a Child Health & Disability Team. The successful candidate will need to provide leadership through a difficult period of change. Experience of raising performance at the same time as managing morale will be critical. Experience of managing a Child Health & Disability Service would be helpful but more importantly solid case management of LAC and CP is particularly relevant. You will need to be registered with the HCPC or Care Council for Wales and you will be subject to an enhanced CRB disclosure at our expense. Contact Sarah Leigh at Eden Brown today on **** **** or email your CV to s.leighedenbrown.com Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy." "['interim', 'disabled', 'children', 'experienced', 'interim', 'basis', 'lead', 'child', 'health', 'disability', 'leadership', 'difficult', 'period', 'change', 'raising', 'performance', 'time', 'managing', 'morale', 'critical', 'managing', 'child', 'health', 'disability', 'helpful', 'importantly', 'solid', 'case', 'relevant', 'registered', 'hcpc', 'council', 'wales', 'subject', 'enhanced', 'crb', 'disclosure', 'expense', 'contact', 'sarah', 'leigh', 'eden', 'brown', 'today', 'email', 'cv', 'leighedenbrown', 'eden', 'brown', 'committed', 'equality', 'workplace', 'equal', 'employer', 'eden', 'brown', 'acting', 'employment', 'relation', 'vacancy']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Drawing Office Manager,esign Manager
Webindex: 69776963
Company: PDQ Engineering Recruitment
Description: I am currently recruiting for a Design Office manager on behalf of a company based in the Guildford area (within **** miles of the respective named town). Company employs around **** people  and are in a growth stage, you would be leading appx **** other engineers and both companies are involved in high precision products s current products and new products in development. The key functions of this role are: Management and motivation of a design and project team with wide ranging experience and skills. Maintenance of team enthusiasm levels, through sometimes lengthy design projects. Encouragement of creativity and initiative from the team Creation of design briefs and specifications. Ensuring that design and development project schedules are met. Utilising the Design Projects Manager to agree and deliver design projects on time and on budget To investigate new technologies and to incorporate them into products where appropriate. To ensure that all designs are fit for purpose, and fit for production. To act as a conduit for post launch product enhancements and subsequent product value engineering. Managing external and contract industrial designers, toolmakers and subcontractors, on and offsite. Chairing regular design reviews. Maintaining and developing the ****D CAD infrastructure. Managing Engineering change/concession and new product release. Personnel management; career progression, appraisals, welfare etc. for the design team. Maintenance of all design office systems for data, document and process control (including ISO9001). Required Knowledge, Skills, and Experience: As this role is one of technical leadership in addition to departmental management, the candidates will ideally have had experience in Company core technologies i.e. Product design around plastic injection mouldings, castings, precision machining and mechanical assemblies. Candidates will be dynamic, handson experienced designers with good management and communication skills, and be highly selfmotivated. Candidates must have a good formal engineering qualification and a number of years experience in a similar Design Management role, or have demonstrable aptitudes in this area" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00208.txt " Drawing Office Manager,esign Manager" " 69776963" " PDQ Engineering Recruitment" " I am currently recruiting for a Design Office manager on behalf of a company based in the Guildford area (within **** miles of the respective named town). Company employs around **** people  and are in a growth stage, you would be leading appx **** other engineers and both companies are involved in high precision products s current products and new products in development. The key functions of this role are: Management and motivation of a design and project team with wide ranging experience and skills. Maintenance of team enthusiasm levels, through sometimes lengthy design projects. Encouragement of creativity and initiative from the team Creation of design briefs and specifications. Ensuring that design and development project schedules are met. Utilising the Design Projects Manager to agree and deliver design projects on time and on budget To investigate new technologies and to incorporate them into products where appropriate. To ensure that all designs are fit for purpose, and fit for production. To act as a conduit for post launch product enhancements and subsequent product value engineering. Managing external and contract industrial designers, toolmakers and subcontractors, on and offsite. Chairing regular design reviews. Maintaining and developing the ****D CAD infrastructure. Managing Engineering change/concession and new product release. Personnel management; career progression, appraisals, welfare etc. for the design team. Maintenance of all design office systems for data, document and process control (including ISO9001). Required Knowledge, Skills, and Experience: As this role is one of technical leadership in addition to departmental management, the candidates will ideally have had experience in Company core technologies i.e. Product design around plastic injection mouldings, castings, precision machining and mechanical assemblies. Candidates will be dynamic, handson experienced designers with good management and communication skills, and be highly selfmotivated. Candidates must have a good formal engineering qualification and a number of years experience in a similar Design Management role, or have demonstrable aptitudes in this area" "['recruiting', 'office', 'behalf', 'guildford', 'area', 'miles', 'respective', 'named', 'town', 'employs', 'people', 'growth', 'stage', 'engineers', 'companies', 'involved', 'precision', 'products', 'current', 'products', 'products', 'key', 'functions', 'motivation', 'project', 'wide', 'ranging', 'maintenance', 'enthusiasm', 'levels', 'projects', 'creativity', 'initiative', 'creation', 'briefs', 'specifications', 'ensuring', 'project', 'schedules', 'met', 'utilising', 'projects', 'agree', 'deliver', 'projects', 'time', 'budget', 'investigate', 'technologies', 'incorporate', 'products', 'designs', 'fit', 'purpose', 'fit', 'production', 'act', 'conduit', 'post', 'launch', 'product', 'enhancements', 'subsequent', 'product', 'managing', 'external', 'contract', 'industrial', 'designers', 'toolmakers', 'subcontractors', 'offsite', 'chairing', 'regular', 'reviews', 'maintaining', 'developing', 'cad', 'infrastructure', 'managing', 'change', 'product', 'release', 'personnel', 'career', 'progression', 'appraisals', 'welfare', 'maintenance', 'office', 'data', 'document', 'process', 'control', 'iso', 'technical', 'leadership', 'addition', 'departmental', 'candidates', 'ideally', 'core', 'technologies', 'product', 'plastic', 'injection', 'mouldings', 'castings', 'precision', 'machining', 'mechanical', 'assemblies', 'candidates', 'dynamic', 'handson', 'experienced', 'designers', 'communication', 'highly', 'selfmotivated', 'candidates', 'formal', 'qualification', 'number', 'years', 'similar', 'demonstrable', 'area']" Engineering
"Title: Group Controls Analyst
Webindex: 69169496
Company: Exibio Financial Recruitment
Description: Group Controls Analyst needed for FTSE100 Business Investigo is partnering with a FTSE100 in Berkshire to find a motivated and intelligent individual to join their Group Controls Team as a Group Controls Analyst. The individual will be responsible for managing the compliance process, including analysis, followup and remediation of issues, as well as coordination of process improvements. Key responsibilities:  Managing Group Head Office Financial Controls compliance including risk review, internal financial control design and liasing with external internal audit  Supporting Groupwide financial process and controls work including assisting with the coordination, planning and definition of financial controls framework  Administration for financial policy compliance system including maintaining policy sections and compliance questions uptodate Key candidate requirements:  University degree holder  Qualified ACA accountant (Top 10 firms only)  Experience in internal controls related matters and system/process documentation techniques  Strong interpersonal skills  Proactive attitude to drive control and process improvements This is an excellent opportunity for a driven individual to join a successful FTSE100 business and to develop professionally within the business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GroupControlsAnalyst_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00323.txt " Group Controls Analyst" " 69169496" " Exibio Financial Recruitment" " Group Controls Analyst needed for FTSE100 Business Investigo is partnering with a FTSE100 in Berkshire to find a motivated and intelligent individual to join their Group Controls Team as a Group Controls Analyst. The individual will be responsible for managing the compliance process, including analysis, followup and remediation of issues, as well as coordination of process improvements. Key responsibilities:  Managing Group Head Office Financial Controls compliance including risk review, internal financial control design and liasing with external internal audit  Supporting Groupwide financial process and controls work including assisting with the coordination, planning and definition of financial controls framework  Administration for financial policy compliance system including maintaining policy sections and compliance questions uptodate Key candidate requirements:  University degree holder  Qualified ACA accountant (Top 10 firms only)  Experience in internal controls related matters and system/process documentation techniques  Strong interpersonal skills  Proactive attitude to drive control and process improvements This is an excellent opportunity for a driven individual to join a successful FTSE100 business and to develop professionally within the business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GroupControlsAnalyst_job****" "['group', 'controls', 'analyst', 'needed', 'ftse', 'partnering', 'ftse', 'berkshire', 'find', 'motivated', 'intelligent', 'individual', 'group', 'controls', 'group', 'controls', 'analyst', 'individual', 'responsible', 'managing', 'compliance', 'process', 'analysis', 'followup', 'remediation', 'issues', 'coordination', 'process', 'improvements', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'managing', 'group', 'head', 'office', 'controls', 'compliance', 'risk', 'review', 'internal', 'control', 'liasing', 'external', 'internal', 'audit', 'supporting', 'groupwide', 'process', 'controls', 'assisting', 'coordination', 'planning', 'definition', 'controls', 'framework', 'administration', 'policy', 'compliance', 'system', 'maintaining', 'policy', 'sections', 'compliance', 'questions', 'uptodate', 'key', 'requirements', 'university', 'degree', 'holder', 'qualified', 'aca', 'accountant', 'top', 'firms', 'internal', 'controls', 'related', 'matters', 'system', 'process', 'documentation', 'techniques', 'interpersonal', 'proactive', 'attitude', 'drive', 'control', 'process', 'improvements', 'driven', 'individual', 'ftse', 'develop', 'professionally', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Accountant
Webindex: 71857143
Company: Jobs at Pertemps   Coventry
Description: My client is seeking a Senior Accountant on a permanent basis to work within the Coventry area. Salary is dependant on experience ( Up to ****) The hours of work are Monday  Friday 9am  5.30pm with an hour for lunch. There are also 28 days holiday My client is looking for at least three years experience within a professional practice and you must be AAT/ACCA qualified due to the nature of the job. As an Senior Accountant you will be required to: Have experience of Sage and Iris Help with Auditing accounts Have experience of Management Accounts Prepare tax returns Speaking with HMRC with regards to Corporate and Personal Tax This role would suit someone qualified or looking to study for their ACCA. If you are interested please click on apply or email linda.koonerpertemps.co.uk" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00314.txt " Accountant" " 71857143" " Jobs at Pertemps   Coventry" " My client is seeking a Senior Accountant on a permanent basis to work within the Coventry area. Salary is dependant on experience ( Up to ****) The hours of work are Monday  Friday 9am  5.30pm with an hour for lunch. There are also 28 days holiday My client is looking for at least three years experience within a professional practice and you must be AAT/ACCA qualified due to the nature of the job. As an Senior Accountant you will be required to: Have experience of Sage and Iris Help with Auditing accounts Have experience of Management Accounts Prepare tax returns Speaking with HMRC with regards to Corporate and Personal Tax This role would suit someone qualified or looking to study for their ACCA. If you are interested please click on apply or email linda.koonerpertemps.co.uk" "['seeking', 'senior', 'accountant', 'permanent', 'basis', 'coventry', 'area', 'dependant', 'hours', 'monday', 'friday', 'pm', 'hour', 'lunch', 'days', 'holiday', 'years', 'professional', 'practice', 'aat', 'acca', 'qualified', 'due', 'nature', 'senior', 'accountant', 'sage', 'auditing', 'accounts', 'accounts', 'prepare', 'tax', 'returns', 'speaking', 'hmrc', 'corporate', 'personal', 'tax', 'suit', 'qualified', 'study', 'acca', 'interested', 'click', 'email']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Occupational Therapist Reablement
Webindex: 71691917
Description: An Occupational Therapist is required for a Reablement Service in the the South East of England. We are looking for applications from HCPC registered Occupational Therapists who have previous experience of working in Intermediate Care or with a Reablement Service. Applicants will need to be a car driver with their own transport. We can only accept applications from Occupational Therapists who have previous post graduate working experience in the areas specified. If you are interested please send your CV to Eden Brown Recruitment or call the office if you would would like to discuss the role in greater detail. Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00431.txt " Occupational Therapist Reablement" " 71691917"  " An Occupational Therapist is required for a Reablement Service in the the South East of England. We are looking for applications from HCPC registered Occupational Therapists who have previous experience of working in Intermediate Care or with a Reablement Service. Applicants will need to be a car driver with their own transport. We can only accept applications from Occupational Therapists who have previous post graduate working experience in the areas specified. If you are interested please send your CV to Eden Brown Recruitment or call the office if you would would like to discuss the role in greater detail. Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy." "['occupational', 'therapist', 'reablement', 'south', 'east', 'england', 'applications', 'hcpc', 'registered', 'occupational', 'therapists', 'previous', 'intermediate', 'reablement', 'applicants', 'car', 'driver', 'transport', 'accept', 'applications', 'occupational', 'therapists', 'previous', 'post', 'graduate', 'areas', 'interested', 'send', 'cv', 'eden', 'brown', 'call', 'office', 'discuss', 'greater', 'detail', 'eden', 'brown', 'committed', 'equality', 'workplace', 'equal', 'employer', 'eden', 'brown', 'acting', 'employment', 'relation', 'vacancy']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Legal Entity Control & Product IB Analysis
Webindex: 71674616
Company: Michael Page Financial Services
Description: The ideal skills sets for candidates to fill **** open positions we currently have on behalf of our client are as follows:  Strong qualified accountant with at least 34 years PQE (ideally big ``four`` background before move into major bank).  Experience working in a monthly reporting cycle, with Financial Services background (Financial Control/Product Control).  Diverse product knowledge, with an ability to develop an understanding of new products.  Excellent communication skills and ability to develop working relationships, across businesses and other support groups.  Good analytical skills and attention to detail, including a strong control focus.  Ability to partner and influence, as well as discuss results with product controllers a  Product knowledge (derivatives  can be Vanilla, minimum need to know FI)  Financial Control  US Gaap knowledge (minimum will have studied in ACA / ACCA and know how applies  IFRS exposure key if not working knowledge) The PQE identified on this advertisement is a guide only and does not preclude applications from those with more or less PQE. London City based Investment Banking house (globally renowned name) are looking for multiple Legal Entity Control Product IB Analysis candidates to apply from Big 4 FS and Banking Financial Sevices. Must have both Control and Product knowledge.  Base salary **** to ****  Outstanding company Benefits Package  Competitive Bonus Scheme Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LegalEntityControlProductIBAnalysis_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00351.txt " Legal Entity Control & Product IB Analysis" " 71674616" " Michael Page Financial Services" " The ideal skills sets for candidates to fill **** open positions we currently have on behalf of our client are as follows:  Strong qualified accountant with at least 34 years PQE (ideally big ``four`` background before move into major bank).  Experience working in a monthly reporting cycle, with Financial Services background (Financial Control/Product Control).  Diverse product knowledge, with an ability to develop an understanding of new products.  Excellent communication skills and ability to develop working relationships, across businesses and other support groups.  Good analytical skills and attention to detail, including a strong control focus.  Ability to partner and influence, as well as discuss results with product controllers a  Product knowledge (derivatives  can be Vanilla, minimum need to know FI)  Financial Control  US Gaap knowledge (minimum will have studied in ACA / ACCA and know how applies  IFRS exposure key if not working knowledge) The PQE identified on this advertisement is a guide only and does not preclude applications from those with more or less PQE. London City based Investment Banking house (globally renowned name) are looking for multiple Legal Entity Control Product IB Analysis candidates to apply from Big 4 FS and Banking Financial Sevices. Must have both Control and Product knowledge.  Base salary **** to ****  Outstanding company Benefits Package  Competitive Bonus Scheme Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LegalEntityControlProductIBAnalysis_job****" "['ideal', 'sets', 'candidates', 'fill', 'open', 'positions', 'behalf', 'qualified', 'accountant', 'years', 'pqe', 'ideally', 'big', 'background', 'move', 'major', 'bank', 'monthly', 'reporting', 'cycle', 'background', 'control', 'product', 'control', 'diverse', 'product', 'develop', 'understanding', 'products', 'communication', 'develop', 'relationships', 'businesses', 'groups', 'analytical', 'attention', 'detail', 'control', 'focus', 'partner', 'influence', 'discuss', 'results', 'product', 'controllers', 'product', 'derivatives', 'minimum', 'control', 'gaap', 'minimum', 'studied', 'aca', 'acca', 'applies', 'ifrs', 'exposure', 'key', 'pqe', 'identified', 'advertisement', 'guide', 'preclude', 'applications', 'pqe', 'london', 'city', 'investment', 'banking', 'house', 'globally', 'renowned', 'multiple', 'legal', 'entity', 'control', 'product', 'analysis', 'candidates', 'big', 'banking', 'control', 'product', 'base', 'outstanding', 'benefits', 'package', 'competitive', 'bonus', 'scheme', 'application', 'reviewed', 'michael', 'page', 'aware', 'receive', 'volume', 'applications', 'advertised', 'regularly', 'receive', 'applications', 'candidates', 'exceed', 'credentials', 'contact', 'days', 'selected', 'interview', 'specific', 'qualifications', 'account', 'overseas', 'equivalents', 'michael', 'page', 'world', 'consultancy', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Senior Software Engineer, Mac, iOS, C, C++, North London
Webindex: 70162275
Company: IC Software
Description: World leading cloud and virtualisation software organisation is seeking to strengthen their software team based just north of London. They seek a Software Engineer to develop the next generation of their remote desktop and Mac based virtualisation software using C and C++. You will be developing software that will be used by many millions of users worldwide. You will be a passionate Software Engineer looking to solve complex technical problems and issues by developing new, exciting software modules and products. Your background will include indepth knowledge of the Mac or iOS platform, have a real understanding of ObjectOrientated methodologies and have great exposure to ObjectiveC and C++. There is a great basic salary on offer coupled with a comprehensive package including bonus and full benefits. Also on offer is an excellent working environment and full ongoing career progression. Key Skills: Software, C, C++, OOD, Mac, iOS, Cloud, Virtualisation, Remote access. IC Software  your first contact for Embedded, DSP & Software jobs." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00101.txt " Senior Software Engineer, Mac, iOS, C, C++, North London" " 70162275" " IC Software" " World leading cloud and virtualisation software organisation is seeking to strengthen their software team based just north of London. They seek a Software Engineer to develop the next generation of their remote desktop and Mac based virtualisation software using C and C++. You will be developing software that will be used by many millions of users worldwide. You will be a passionate Software Engineer looking to solve complex technical problems and issues by developing new, exciting software modules and products. Your background will include indepth knowledge of the Mac or iOS platform, have a real understanding of ObjectOrientated methodologies and have great exposure to ObjectiveC and C++. There is a great basic salary on offer coupled with a comprehensive package including bonus and full benefits. Also on offer is an excellent working environment and full ongoing career progression. Key Skills: Software, C, C++, OOD, Mac, iOS, Cloud, Virtualisation, Remote access. IC Software  your first contact for Embedded, DSP & Software jobs." "['world', 'cloud', 'virtualisation', 'software', 'organisation', 'seeking', 'strengthen', 'software', 'north', 'london', 'seek', 'software', 'develop', 'generation', 'remote', 'desktop', 'mac', 'virtualisation', 'software', 'developing', 'software', 'millions', 'users', 'worldwide', 'passionate', 'software', 'solve', 'complex', 'technical', 'problems', 'issues', 'developing', 'exciting', 'software', 'modules', 'products', 'background', 'include', 'indepth', 'mac', 'ios', 'platform', 'real', 'understanding', 'methodologies', 'great', 'exposure', 'great', 'basic', 'offer', 'coupled', 'comprehensive', 'package', 'bonus', 'benefits', 'offer', 'environment', 'ongoing', 'career', 'progression', 'key', 'software', 'ood', 'mac', 'ios', 'cloud', 'virtualisation', 'remote', 'access', 'ic', 'software', 'contact', 'embedded', 'dsp', 'software', 'jobs']" Engineering
"Title: Credit Controller
Webindex: 71293725
Company: Interaction Finance
Description: Interaction Recruitment Plc are looking for a Credit Controller to join our client in Cambridge on a temporary basis. This is a short term role to start ASAP. You must be immediately available for work and have previous credit control experience" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00289.txt " Credit Controller" " 71293725" " Interaction Finance" " Interaction Recruitment Plc are looking for a Credit Controller to join our client in Cambridge on a temporary basis. This is a short term role to start ASAP. You must be immediately available for work and have previous credit control experience" "['interaction', 'plc', 'credit', 'controller', 'cambridge', 'temporary', 'basis', 'short', 'term', 'start', 'asap', 'immediately', 'previous', 'credit', 'control']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Auto Electrician
Webindex: 69551242
Company: BEVAN GROUP
Description: All aspects of electrical installation work relating to Commercial vehicle bodybuilding. Work includes fitting of electrical ancillary systems such as vehicle lighting , reverse cameras and weighing equipment etc" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00131.txt " Auto Electrician" " 69551242" " BEVAN GROUP" " All aspects of electrical installation work relating to Commercial vehicle bodybuilding. Work includes fitting of electrical ancillary systems such as vehicle lighting , reverse cameras and weighing equipment etc" "['aspects', 'electrical', 'installation', 'relating', 'commercial', 'vehicle', 'includes', 'fitting', 'electrical', 'ancillary', 'vehicle', 'lighting', 'cameras', 'equipment']" Engineering
"Title: Electrical Design Engineer
Webindex: 72404995
Company: Hartland Recruitment Advertising Limited
Description: Design and development of the electrical systems, control panels, and circuitry for conveyor, process machinery, production lines, packaging machinery  electrical design of machines and systems for world leading manufacturers. Joining a growing team, you ll be designing the electrical drives, motors, controls hardware, the control panels, circuitry, cable schedules for each machine, systems, conveyor system order, working on Autocad Electrical to compile your designs. These systems are all PLC controlled, and although programming skills are NOT required, appreciation of PLC control, high speed machinery control and design is going to be very useful, aside from your electrical systems design bias. If you d like to become part of a growing team, working on a range of cutting edge machinery projects, where planned growth and the attendant career prospects are evident, send me a copy of your CV" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00067.txt " Electrical Design Engineer" " 72404995" " Hartland Recruitment Advertising Limited" " Design and development of the electrical systems, control panels, and circuitry for conveyor, process machinery, production lines, packaging machinery  electrical design of machines and systems for world leading manufacturers. Joining a growing team, you ll be designing the electrical drives, motors, controls hardware, the control panels, circuitry, cable schedules for each machine, systems, conveyor system order, working on Autocad Electrical to compile your designs. These systems are all PLC controlled, and although programming skills are NOT required, appreciation of PLC control, high speed machinery control and design is going to be very useful, aside from your electrical systems design bias. If you d like to become part of a growing team, working on a range of cutting edge machinery projects, where planned growth and the attendant career prospects are evident, send me a copy of your CV" "['electrical', 'control', 'panels', 'circuitry', 'conveyor', 'process', 'machinery', 'production', 'lines', 'packaging', 'machinery', 'electrical', 'machines', 'world', 'manufacturers', 'joining', 'growing', 'll', 'designing', 'electrical', 'drives', 'motors', 'controls', 'hardware', 'control', 'panels', 'circuitry', 'cable', 'schedules', 'machine', 'conveyor', 'system', 'order', 'autocad', 'electrical', 'compile', 'designs', 'plc', 'controlled', 'programming', 'appreciation', 'plc', 'control', 'speed', 'machinery', 'control', 'electrical', 'bias', 'part', 'growing', 'range', 'cutting', 'edge', 'machinery', 'projects', 'planned', 'growth', 'career', 'prospects', 'send', 'copy', 'cv']" Engineering
"Title: Graduate Sales Telecoms
Webindex: 72173738
Company: BMS Graduate Recruitment Ltd
Description: THIS IS AN IMMEDIATE START JOB. PLEASE ONLY APPLY IF YOU CAN START TOMORROW GRADUATE SALES EXECUTIVE Location: Leeds Sector: Converged telecom solutions Salary: **** salary plus bonuses **** OTE plus company car  Multi million pound organisation  Globally recognised company  Fantastic progression opportunities  Full sales training The Role: Targeting local businesses that may need to upgrade their phone systems or improve the cost effectiveness of their supplier contract; as a graduate sales executive you will qualify the potential before presenting the services that you are able to deliver. The Company: Recognised as a leading provider of mobile and fixed line telecomm systems, our client has created an exciting new role for a graduate to begin their sales career. Initially office based, you will be given extensive product and sales training to ensure that you have the necessary knowledge to progress into face to face sales. Responsibilities as a Graduate Sales Executive will include:  Business development  Face to face business meetings  Proposal and quotes The Package for this Graduate sales role:  **** salary plus bonuses **** OTE plus company car  Excellent benefits package" 3 data/Sales\Job_00736.txt " Graduate Sales Telecoms" " 72173738" " BMS Graduate Recruitment Ltd" " THIS IS AN IMMEDIATE START JOB. PLEASE ONLY APPLY IF YOU CAN START TOMORROW GRADUATE SALES EXECUTIVE Location: Leeds Sector: Converged telecom solutions Salary: **** salary plus bonuses **** OTE plus company car  Multi million pound organisation  Globally recognised company  Fantastic progression opportunities  Full sales training The Role: Targeting local businesses that may need to upgrade their phone systems or improve the cost effectiveness of their supplier contract; as a graduate sales executive you will qualify the potential before presenting the services that you are able to deliver. The Company: Recognised as a leading provider of mobile and fixed line telecomm systems, our client has created an exciting new role for a graduate to begin their sales career. Initially office based, you will be given extensive product and sales training to ensure that you have the necessary knowledge to progress into face to face sales. Responsibilities as a Graduate Sales Executive will include:  Business development  Face to face business meetings  Proposal and quotes The Package for this Graduate sales role:  **** salary plus bonuses **** OTE plus company car  Excellent benefits package" "['start', 'start', 'tomorrow', 'graduate', 'executive', 'location', 'leeds', 'sector', 'telecom', 'solutions', 'bonuses', 'ote', 'car', 'multi', 'million', 'pound', 'organisation', 'globally', 'recognised', 'fantastic', 'progression', 'opportunities', 'targeting', 'local', 'businesses', 'upgrade', 'phone', 'improve', 'cost', 'effectiveness', 'supplier', 'contract', 'graduate', 'executive', 'qualify', 'potential', 'presenting', 'deliver', 'recognised', 'provider', 'mobile', 'fixed', 'line', 'created', 'exciting', 'graduate', 'begin', 'career', 'initially', 'office', 'extensive', 'product', 'progress', 'face', 'face', 'responsibilities', 'graduate', 'executive', 'include', 'face', 'face', 'meetings', 'proposal', 'quotes', 'package', 'graduate', 'bonuses', 'ote', 'car', 'benefits', 'package']" Sales
"Title: Staff Nurse  BexhillonSea
Webindex: 68720930
Company: Professional Social Care Solutions
Description: Our client is a large charitable organisation with a network of care homes and welfare break centres for older people across the UK. They are currently seeking an experienced staff nurse for their nursing home in Bexhill on Sea area. They require a highly motivated, dynamic individual to join their forward thinking team. Ideally, you will an ability to form positive relationships with people and a sound understanding of the role that spiritual, emotional and physical health play in the wellbeing of a person. Above all, you will have a passionate desire to enhance the quality of life for older people through good clinical and communication skills. You will need to be RN qualified and have good experience of working with elderly client groups. In return you will receive a generous hourly rate, enhanced weekend and bank holiday pay, 33 days holiday and a company pension scheme." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00443.txt " Staff Nurse  BexhillonSea" " 68720930" " Professional Social Care Solutions" " Our client is a large charitable organisation with a network of care homes and welfare break centres for older people across the UK. They are currently seeking an experienced staff nurse for their nursing home in Bexhill on Sea area. They require a highly motivated, dynamic individual to join their forward thinking team. Ideally, you will an ability to form positive relationships with people and a sound understanding of the role that spiritual, emotional and physical health play in the wellbeing of a person. Above all, you will have a passionate desire to enhance the quality of life for older people through good clinical and communication skills. You will need to be RN qualified and have good experience of working with elderly client groups. In return you will receive a generous hourly rate, enhanced weekend and bank holiday pay, 33 days holiday and a company pension scheme." "['large', 'charitable', 'organisation', 'network', 'homes', 'welfare', 'break', 'centres', 'older', 'people', 'seeking', 'experienced', 'nurse', 'nursing', 'bexhill', 'sea', 'area', 'require', 'highly', 'motivated', 'dynamic', 'individual', 'forward', 'thinking', 'ideally', 'form', 'positive', 'relationships', 'people', 'sound', 'understanding', 'spiritual', 'emotional', 'physical', 'health', 'play', 'wellbeing', 'person', 'passionate', 'desire', 'enhance', 'quality', 'life', 'older', 'people', 'clinical', 'communication', 'rn', 'qualified', 'elderly', 'groups', 'return', 'receive', 'generous', 'hourly', 'rate', 'enhanced', 'weekend', 'bank', 'holiday', 'pay', 'days', 'holiday', 'pension', 'scheme']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Senior Developer With C/Visual Studio Skills
Webindex: 69802421
Company: Octad Recruitment Consultants 
Description: This successful Software Consultancy are looking for A Senior Developer/Team Leader With The following skills: Essential Skills and Experience Required:  Excellent knowledge of Microsoft development technologies  Visual Studio 2010 / 2012  Extensive C.NET experience  Experience of multitier / distributed architectures  OOAD skills and good understanding of Design Patterns and Practices  Web services (SOAP, WCF, REST, etc.)  Web applications development experience (ASP.Net MVC **** or later)  LINQ / Entity Framework experience  XML / XSLT / XSD / xPath  Solid experience of complete development lifecycle  Team lead / mentoring experience The ideal candidate will be a selfmotivated and proactive senior developer with extensive experience developing a wide variety of applications in C using Microsoft’s development tools and working with the .NET framework.He or she will also have good objectoriented analysis and design skills, be familiar with design patterns and practices, and have experience of modelling systems in UML. Previous experience in the finance or pensions industries would also be beneficial. An eagerness to learn, a commitment to building and delivering solutions of high quality, on time and budget, and a personal desire to keep up to date with software industry trends would all be beneficial. The candidate should show a desire to continuously improve both themselves and their team, and take pride not only in what they develop, but in how it is developed, tested, and maintained. He or she should also be approachable, and happy to mentor more junior team members as and when needed. The successful candidate will therefore be a team player with good communication skills, capable of working well in a team as well as on their own if required. The candidate should have some experience as a team lead or mentor for small development teams, with recent exposure to SCRUM or a similar iterative agile methodology.They will also have an excellent knowledge of emerging technologies and trends, be professional and presentable, and have a desire to constantly improve their skills and take the initiative in driving the adoption of cuttingedge technologies This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorDeveloperWithC%****VisualStudioSkills_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00274.txt " Senior Developer With C/Visual Studio Skills" " 69802421" " Octad Recruitment Consultants " " This successful Software Consultancy are looking for A Senior Developer/Team Leader With The following skills: Essential Skills and Experience Required:  Excellent knowledge of Microsoft development technologies  Visual Studio 2010 / 2012  Extensive C.NET experience  Experience of multitier / distributed architectures  OOAD skills and good understanding of Design Patterns and Practices  Web services (SOAP, WCF, REST, etc.)  Web applications development experience (ASP.Net MVC **** or later)  LINQ / Entity Framework experience  XML / XSLT / XSD / xPath  Solid experience of complete development lifecycle  Team lead / mentoring experience The ideal candidate will be a selfmotivated and proactive senior developer with extensive experience developing a wide variety of applications in C using Microsoft’s development tools and working with the .NET framework.He or she will also have good objectoriented analysis and design skills, be familiar with design patterns and practices, and have experience of modelling systems in UML. Previous experience in the finance or pensions industries would also be beneficial. An eagerness to learn, a commitment to building and delivering solutions of high quality, on time and budget, and a personal desire to keep up to date with software industry trends would all be beneficial. The candidate should show a desire to continuously improve both themselves and their team, and take pride not only in what they develop, but in how it is developed, tested, and maintained. He or she should also be approachable, and happy to mentor more junior team members as and when needed. The successful candidate will therefore be a team player with good communication skills, capable of working well in a team as well as on their own if required. The candidate should have some experience as a team lead or mentor for small development teams, with recent exposure to SCRUM or a similar iterative agile methodology.They will also have an excellent knowledge of emerging technologies and trends, be professional and presentable, and have a desire to constantly improve their skills and take the initiative in driving the adoption of cuttingedge technologies This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorDeveloperWithC%****VisualStudioSkills_job****" "['software', 'consultancy', 'senior', 'developer', 'leader', 'essential', 'microsoft', 'technologies', 'visual', 'studio', 'extensive', 'net', 'distributed', 'architectures', 'understanding', 'patterns', 'practices', 'web', 'wcf', 'rest', 'web', 'applications', 'asp', 'net', 'mvc', 'entity', 'framework', 'xml', 'solid', 'complete', 'lifecycle', 'lead', 'mentoring', 'ideal', 'selfmotivated', 'proactive', 'senior', 'developer', 'extensive', 'developing', 'wide', 'variety', 'applications', 'microsoft', 'tools', 'net', 'framework', 'analysis', 'familiar', 'patterns', 'practices', 'modelling', 'uml', 'previous', 'finance', 'pensions', 'industries', 'beneficial', 'learn', 'commitment', 'building', 'delivering', 'solutions', 'quality', 'time', 'budget', 'personal', 'desire', 'date', 'software', 'industry', 'trends', 'beneficial', 'show', 'desire', 'continuously', 'improve', 'pride', 'develop', 'developed', 'tested', 'maintained', 'approachable', 'happy', 'mentor', 'junior', 'members', 'needed', 'player', 'communication', 'capable', 'lead', 'mentor', 'small', 'teams', 'recent', 'exposure', 'scrum', 'similar', 'iterative', 'agile', 'methodology', 'emerging', 'technologies', 'trends', 'professional', 'presentable', 'desire', 'constantly', 'improve', 'initiative', 'driving', 'cuttingedge', 'technologies', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Quality Compliance Nurse (part time)
Webindex: 70205656
Company: Velvet7 Ltd
Description: Our client offers the highest quality of care to dependent older people through care centres across the South of England. They are looking for an experience nurse who has a passion for ensuring that quality standards are complied with. You will be responsible for undertaking audit and quality improvement monitoring within all the companies care homes. The individual they are seeking will be capable of identifying measures for improvement and have the professional credibility and ability to influence their implementation using an empowering approach in support of their Care Centre Managers. You will have a sound knowledge of clinical practice, governance and risk to enable the organisation to meet compliance of the CQC, Standards of Quality and Safety. You will be an accomplished clinical nurse and have excellent written and verbal skills, experience of audit and good IT skills. You will be based at the head office in Winchester however you will be required to travel to all their care centres. You will need to be able to drive and have access to your own car. The position is part time, 21 hours per week and they are offering a salary of **** per annum. For any questions please do not hesitate to contact Emily on **** **** or to apply please email your up to date CV to" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00618.txt " Quality Compliance Nurse (part time)" " 70205656" " Velvet7 Ltd" " Our client offers the highest quality of care to dependent older people through care centres across the South of England. They are looking for an experience nurse who has a passion for ensuring that quality standards are complied with. You will be responsible for undertaking audit and quality improvement monitoring within all the companies care homes. The individual they are seeking will be capable of identifying measures for improvement and have the professional credibility and ability to influence their implementation using an empowering approach in support of their Care Centre Managers. You will have a sound knowledge of clinical practice, governance and risk to enable the organisation to meet compliance of the CQC, Standards of Quality and Safety. You will be an accomplished clinical nurse and have excellent written and verbal skills, experience of audit and good IT skills. You will be based at the head office in Winchester however you will be required to travel to all their care centres. You will need to be able to drive and have access to your own car. The position is part time, 21 hours per week and they are offering a salary of **** per annum. For any questions please do not hesitate to contact Emily on **** **** or to apply please email your up to date CV to" "['offers', 'highest', 'quality', 'dependent', 'older', 'people', 'centres', 'south', 'england', 'nurse', 'passion', 'ensuring', 'quality', 'standards', 'complied', 'responsible', 'undertaking', 'audit', 'quality', 'improvement', 'monitoring', 'companies', 'homes', 'individual', 'seeking', 'capable', 'identifying', 'measures', 'improvement', 'professional', 'credibility', 'influence', 'implementation', 'empowering', 'approach', 'centre', 'managers', 'sound', 'clinical', 'practice', 'governance', 'risk', 'enable', 'organisation', 'meet', 'compliance', 'cqc', 'standards', 'quality', 'safety', 'accomplished', 'clinical', 'nurse', 'written', 'verbal', 'audit', 'head', 'office', 'winchester', 'travel', 'centres', 'drive', 'access', 'car', 'part', 'time', 'hours', 'week', 'offering', 'annum', 'questions', 'hesitate', 'contact', 'email', 'date', 'cv']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Plant Manager
Webindex: 71125336
Company: Advantage Technical Resourcing
Description: Plant Manager  Hull  ******** JOB PURPOSE Plant Manager is responsible for all aspects of plant operations of the mother plant, and associated satellites, with delegation of continuous control and optimisation to the Operating Service Centre (OSC). Primarily accountable for all Health, Safety s to maintain compliance Accountable for sites EH s Assist OSC management in development of OSC SWIM s Financial Accountabilities Customer Accountabilities Plant Reporting Accountabilities OSC status communication systems & logbooks Daily status (web reporting) Downtime reporting Cost of nonconformance reporting Productivity accountabilities Best Practice replication & generation relating to local plant Member of team for development of advanced control routines & productivity improvements KPI Responsibilities  meeting performance targets for: MAINTENANCE Ensure that all production facilities are maintained to a safe and serviceable condition, so that they can consistently attain their performance targets Ensure compliance to site statutory, mechanical integrity & preventative maintenance programmes Work with Maintenance Support Manager (MSM) to ensure relevant & optimal planned maintenance programmes Work with technical staff to solve plant and equipment problems as they arise in the most effective way. Support corrective maintenance work associated with plant and equipment failures (breakdowns) Work with SAP & GMM (Global Materials Management), ensure correct spares parts inventory management Develop & comply with site maintenance budget & ****yr plans, in conjunction with maintenance support manager TRAINING & TEAMWORK Supervision of Plant operating teams and supervisors Accountable to develop and maintain site oncall systems. Maintain own training in compliance with the company, legal and local requirements Maintain effective communications with OSC colleagues and support services PREFERRED EXPERIENCE & SKILLS Degree level engineering qualification preferred, but qualifications through extensive experience in an operating environment with a proven achievement record also acceptable Broad knowledge of employment, environmental and Health and Safety Legislation Good management, supervisory, organisation & planning skills Good interpersonal & team working skills (Customers, Regulators bodies, Plant teams, company contacts). Strong computer skills Self motivated. If you are interested in applying for this position please respond with CV to Advantage xPO is in the top 1% of staffing companies in the world. With a truly global footprint. Advantage xPO specialises in recruitment outsourcing. Working with some of the leading employers around the world, Advantage offers global contract and permanent career opportunities across a wide range of industries and sectors. Advantage xPO: services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temporary work" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00198.txt " Plant Manager" " 71125336" " Advantage Technical Resourcing" " Plant Manager  Hull  ******** JOB PURPOSE Plant Manager is responsible for all aspects of plant operations of the mother plant, and associated satellites, with delegation of continuous control and optimisation to the Operating Service Centre (OSC). Primarily accountable for all Health, Safety s to maintain compliance Accountable for sites EH s Assist OSC management in development of OSC SWIM s Financial Accountabilities Customer Accountabilities Plant Reporting Accountabilities OSC status communication systems & logbooks Daily status (web reporting) Downtime reporting Cost of nonconformance reporting Productivity accountabilities Best Practice replication & generation relating to local plant Member of team for development of advanced control routines & productivity improvements KPI Responsibilities  meeting performance targets for: MAINTENANCE Ensure that all production facilities are maintained to a safe and serviceable condition, so that they can consistently attain their performance targets Ensure compliance to site statutory, mechanical integrity & preventative maintenance programmes Work with Maintenance Support Manager (MSM) to ensure relevant & optimal planned maintenance programmes Work with technical staff to solve plant and equipment problems as they arise in the most effective way. Support corrective maintenance work associated with plant and equipment failures (breakdowns) Work with SAP & GMM (Global Materials Management), ensure correct spares parts inventory management Develop & comply with site maintenance budget & ****yr plans, in conjunction with maintenance support manager TRAINING & TEAMWORK Supervision of Plant operating teams and supervisors Accountable to develop and maintain site oncall systems. Maintain own training in compliance with the company, legal and local requirements Maintain effective communications with OSC colleagues and support services PREFERRED EXPERIENCE & SKILLS Degree level engineering qualification preferred, but qualifications through extensive experience in an operating environment with a proven achievement record also acceptable Broad knowledge of employment, environmental and Health and Safety Legislation Good management, supervisory, organisation & planning skills Good interpersonal & team working skills (Customers, Regulators bodies, Plant teams, company contacts). Strong computer skills Self motivated. If you are interested in applying for this position please respond with CV to Advantage xPO is in the top 1% of staffing companies in the world. With a truly global footprint. Advantage xPO specialises in recruitment outsourcing. Working with some of the leading employers around the world, Advantage offers global contract and permanent career opportunities across a wide range of industries and sectors. Advantage xPO: services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temporary work" "['plant', 'hull', 'purpose', 'plant', 'responsible', 'aspects', 'plant', 'operations', 'plant', 'satellites', 'delegation', 'continuous', 'control', 'optimisation', 'operating', 'centre', 'osc', 'primarily', 'accountable', 'health', 'safety', 'maintain', 'compliance', 'accountable', 'sites', 'assist', 'osc', 'osc', 'accountabilities', 'accountabilities', 'plant', 'reporting', 'accountabilities', 'osc', 'status', 'communication', 'daily', 'status', 'web', 'reporting', 'reporting', 'cost', 'reporting', 'productivity', 'accountabilities', 'practice', 'generation', 'relating', 'local', 'plant', 'member', 'advanced', 'control', 'routines', 'productivity', 'improvements', 'kpi', 'responsibilities', 'meeting', 'performance', 'targets', 'maintenance', 'production', 'facilities', 'maintained', 'safe', 'condition', 'consistently', 'performance', 'targets', 'compliance', 'site', 'statutory', 'mechanical', 'integrity', 'preventative', 'maintenance', 'programmes', 'maintenance', 'relevant', 'optimal', 'planned', 'maintenance', 'programmes', 'technical', 'solve', 'plant', 'equipment', 'problems', 'arise', 'effective', 'corrective', 'maintenance', 'plant', 'equipment', 'failures', 'breakdowns', 'sap', 'global', 'materials', 'correct', 'parts', 'inventory', 'develop', 'comply', 'site', 'maintenance', 'budget', 'plans', 'conjunction', 'maintenance', 'teamwork', 'supervision', 'plant', 'operating', 'teams', 'supervisors', 'accountable', 'develop', 'maintain', 'site', 'oncall', 'maintain', 'compliance', 'legal', 'local', 'requirements', 'maintain', 'effective', 'communications', 'osc', 'colleagues', 'preferred', 'degree', 'level', 'qualification', 'preferred', 'qualifications', 'extensive', 'operating', 'environment', 'proven', 'achievement', 'record', 'acceptable', 'broad', 'employment', 'environmental', 'health', 'safety', 'legislation', 'supervisory', 'organisation', 'planning', 'interpersonal', 'customers', 'regulators', 'bodies', 'plant', 'teams', 'contacts', 'computer', 'motivated', 'interested', 'applying', 'respond', 'cv', 'advantage', 'xpo', 'top', 'staffing', 'companies', 'world', 'global', 'footprint', 'advantage', 'xpo', 'specialises', 'outsourcing', 'employers', 'world', 'advantage', 'offers', 'global', 'contract', 'permanent', 'career', 'opportunities', 'wide', 'range', 'industries', 'sectors', 'advantage', 'xpo', 'offered', 'employment', 'agency', 'permanent', 'employment', 'supply', 'contract', 'temporary']" Engineering
"Title: Senior Electrical Engineer (Installation/Commissioning/Dockyard/Naval)
Webindex: 69084078
Company: Otj Recruitment
Description: ISSG Senior Engineer  practical electrical/electronic engineering skills installing, commissioning and conducting trials  dockyard or Navy platforms  management experience  IT systems and networks  based Plymouth, Devon but willing to travel overseas  salary c****  ****K We are looking for an ISSG Senior Engineer who has had experience of installing, commissioning and conducting trials and has worked within the dockyard or Navy platforms. Candidates for the position of ISSG Senior Engineer (Installation/Commissioning/Dockyard/Naval) must be qualified to HNC level in Electrical/Electronic engineering, preferably have a management qualification or suitable experience and be prepared to be on call to provide immediate support within the UK and abroad. You must have an understanding of supported systems and practical electrical/electronic engineering skills as well as a good understanding of IT systems and networks and be security conscious and capable of handling PM material Working in a Support Group that provides a range of inservice support activities to MoD electronic communication systems on surface ships, submarines and shore establishments, the Senior Electrical Engineer (Installation/Commissioning/Dockyard/Naval) will provide support within UK dockyards, land bases and overseas You will report to an Engineering Manager within a matrix structure to support all ISSG inservice support activities that require engineering expertise for installation, commissioning, fault rectification and trials for the assigned ISSG project. The role will also require providing support to business development and system engineering activities To undertake this role, the Senior Electrical Engineer (Installation/Commissioning/Dockyard/Naval) must have Knowledge of surface ship and submarine EW and COMINT systems. Knowledge of surface ship and submarine communication systems. The Senior Electrical Engineer (Installation/Commissioning/Dockyard/Naval) must be Capable of leading a team to install, commission and present systems to the relevant authority. Able to lead support activities and OPDEF rectification. Produce technical reports for engineering activities. The post will require DV security clearance and an ability to work abroad under CONDO regulations. To undertake this role, the Senior Electrical Engineer (Installation/Commissioning/Dockyard/Naval) must have strong presentation skills for system trials; be effective working from remote locations and have experience of managing engineering tasks and activities Successful candidates will need to satisfy Ministry of Defence security requirements and may be required to complete a medical assessment. OTJ specialises in engineering and engineering related positions. We are currently looking for Project Managers and Engineers, designers, draughts people, Mechanical, electrical and Electronics Design engineers and draughts people, service engineers, sales engineers, avionics engineers and buyers This vacancy is advertised by Otj Recruitment Ltd. The services advertised are those of an employment agency" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00145.txt " Senior Electrical Engineer (Installation/Commissioning/Dockyard/Naval)" " 69084078" " Otj Recruitment" " ISSG Senior Engineer  practical electrical/electronic engineering skills installing, commissioning and conducting trials  dockyard or Navy platforms  management experience  IT systems and networks  based Plymouth, Devon but willing to travel overseas  salary c****  ****K We are looking for an ISSG Senior Engineer who has had experience of installing, commissioning and conducting trials and has worked within the dockyard or Navy platforms. Candidates for the position of ISSG Senior Engineer (Installation/Commissioning/Dockyard/Naval) must be qualified to HNC level in Electrical/Electronic engineering, preferably have a management qualification or suitable experience and be prepared to be on call to provide immediate support within the UK and abroad. You must have an understanding of supported systems and practical electrical/electronic engineering skills as well as a good understanding of IT systems and networks and be security conscious and capable of handling PM material Working in a Support Group that provides a range of inservice support activities to MoD electronic communication systems on surface ships, submarines and shore establishments, the Senior Electrical Engineer (Installation/Commissioning/Dockyard/Naval) will provide support within UK dockyards, land bases and overseas You will report to an Engineering Manager within a matrix structure to support all ISSG inservice support activities that require engineering expertise for installation, commissioning, fault rectification and trials for the assigned ISSG project. The role will also require providing support to business development and system engineering activities To undertake this role, the Senior Electrical Engineer (Installation/Commissioning/Dockyard/Naval) must have Knowledge of surface ship and submarine EW and COMINT systems. Knowledge of surface ship and submarine communication systems. The Senior Electrical Engineer (Installation/Commissioning/Dockyard/Naval) must be Capable of leading a team to install, commission and present systems to the relevant authority. Able to lead support activities and OPDEF rectification. Produce technical reports for engineering activities. The post will require DV security clearance and an ability to work abroad under CONDO regulations. To undertake this role, the Senior Electrical Engineer (Installation/Commissioning/Dockyard/Naval) must have strong presentation skills for system trials; be effective working from remote locations and have experience of managing engineering tasks and activities Successful candidates will need to satisfy Ministry of Defence security requirements and may be required to complete a medical assessment. OTJ specialises in engineering and engineering related positions. We are currently looking for Project Managers and Engineers, designers, draughts people, Mechanical, electrical and Electronics Design engineers and draughts people, service engineers, sales engineers, avionics engineers and buyers This vacancy is advertised by Otj Recruitment Ltd. The services advertised are those of an employment agency" "['issg', 'senior', 'practical', 'electrical', 'electronic', 'installing', 'commissioning', 'conducting', 'trials', 'dockyard', 'navy', 'platforms', 'networks', 'plymouth', 'devon', 'travel', 'overseas', 'issg', 'senior', 'installing', 'commissioning', 'conducting', 'trials', 'worked', 'dockyard', 'navy', 'platforms', 'candidates', 'issg', 'senior', 'installation', 'commissioning', 'dockyard', 'naval', 'qualified', 'hnc', 'level', 'electrical', 'electronic', 'preferably', 'qualification', 'suitable', 'prepared', 'call', 'abroad', 'understanding', 'supported', 'practical', 'electrical', 'electronic', 'understanding', 'networks', 'security', 'conscious', 'capable', 'handling', 'pm', 'material', 'group', 'range', 'inservice', 'activities', 'mod', 'electronic', 'communication', 'surface', 'ships', 'submarines', 'establishments', 'senior', 'electrical', 'installation', 'commissioning', 'dockyard', 'naval', 'land', 'bases', 'overseas', 'report', 'matrix', 'structure', 'issg', 'inservice', 'activities', 'require', 'expertise', 'installation', 'commissioning', 'fault', 'rectification', 'trials', 'assigned', 'issg', 'project', 'require', 'providing', 'system', 'activities', 'undertake', 'senior', 'electrical', 'installation', 'commissioning', 'dockyard', 'naval', 'surface', 'ship', 'submarine', 'ew', 'surface', 'ship', 'submarine', 'communication', 'senior', 'electrical', 'installation', 'commissioning', 'dockyard', 'naval', 'capable', 'install', 'commission', 'present', 'relevant', 'authority', 'lead', 'activities', 'rectification', 'produce', 'technical', 'reports', 'activities', 'post', 'require', 'dv', 'security', 'clearance', 'abroad', 'regulations', 'undertake', 'senior', 'electrical', 'installation', 'commissioning', 'dockyard', 'naval', 'presentation', 'system', 'trials', 'effective', 'remote', 'locations', 'managing', 'tasks', 'activities', 'candidates', 'satisfy', 'ministry', 'defence', 'security', 'requirements', 'complete', 'medical', 'assessment', 'otj', 'specialises', 'related', 'positions', 'project', 'managers', 'engineers', 'designers', 'draughts', 'people', 'mechanical', 'electrical', 'electronics', 'engineers', 'draughts', 'people', 'engineers', 'engineers', 'engineers', 'buyers', 'vacancy', 'advertised', 'otj', 'advertised', 'employment', 'agency']" Engineering
"Title: MASTER Electrical Engineer Power
Webindex: 71443077
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction MASTER Electrical Engineer Power BarrowInFurness ****2 month Contract (likely to be ongoing)  pound;**** p/h Ltd Important Electrical Engineer within the Submarine, Nuclear, Defence or Power industry The Job Job Description Responsible for the design and delivery of submarine LV ( lt;1kV) and DC Generation and Distribution Systems. Determining requirements and design standards. Writing of technical reports and technical specifications. Producing outline functional system diagrams. Prepare design calculations to demonstrate designs meet performance requirements. i.e. Load, Volt Drop, Fault Levels Power Systems Modelling and Analysis. Undertake technical development studies to verify compliance with design requirements. Undertake design reviews and presentations to customers. Working across project groups to ensure designs meet the required operability, safety, security and supportability requirements. Work with BAE supply chain and equipment suppliers. Attendance at equipment Factory Acceptance Tests (FATs) Support to dockside installation and commissioning teams when required. Analysis of FAT and commissioning results when required Requirements: Submarine, Nuclear, Defence or Power industry. Technical report writing. Knowledge and experience in defence standards whilst not essential would be an advantage. Proven track record of system or equipment design. In depth understanding of at least one of the following areas: Power system modelling; generators; switchgear; protection; power electronics. BEng (Hons) / MEng or equivalent. CEng, MIET (or be able to satisfy requirements for CEng) ideal. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00083.txt " MASTER Electrical Engineer Power" " 71443077" " Matchtech Group plc." " Introduction MASTER Electrical Engineer Power BarrowInFurness ****2 month Contract (likely to be ongoing)  pound;**** p/h Ltd Important Electrical Engineer within the Submarine, Nuclear, Defence or Power industry The Job Job Description Responsible for the design and delivery of submarine LV ( lt;1kV) and DC Generation and Distribution Systems. Determining requirements and design standards. Writing of technical reports and technical specifications. Producing outline functional system diagrams. Prepare design calculations to demonstrate designs meet performance requirements. i.e. Load, Volt Drop, Fault Levels Power Systems Modelling and Analysis. Undertake technical development studies to verify compliance with design requirements. Undertake design reviews and presentations to customers. Working across project groups to ensure designs meet the required operability, safety, security and supportability requirements. Work with BAE supply chain and equipment suppliers. Attendance at equipment Factory Acceptance Tests (FATs) Support to dockside installation and commissioning teams when required. Analysis of FAT and commissioning results when required Requirements: Submarine, Nuclear, Defence or Power industry. Technical report writing. Knowledge and experience in defence standards whilst not essential would be an advantage. Proven track record of system or equipment design. In depth understanding of at least one of the following areas: Power system modelling; generators; switchgear; protection; power electronics. BEng (Hons) / MEng or equivalent. CEng, MIET (or be able to satisfy requirements for CEng) ideal. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK" "['introduction', 'master', 'electrical', 'power', 'month', 'contract', 'ongoing', 'pound', 'important', 'electrical', 'submarine', 'nuclear', 'defence', 'power', 'industry', 'description', 'responsible', 'delivery', 'submarine', 'lv', 'kv', 'dc', 'generation', 'distribution', 'determining', 'requirements', 'standards', 'writing', 'technical', 'reports', 'technical', 'specifications', 'producing', 'outline', 'functional', 'system', 'diagrams', 'prepare', 'calculations', 'demonstrate', 'designs', 'meet', 'performance', 'requirements', 'load', 'fault', 'levels', 'power', 'modelling', 'analysis', 'undertake', 'technical', 'studies', 'verify', 'compliance', 'requirements', 'undertake', 'reviews', 'presentations', 'customers', 'project', 'groups', 'designs', 'meet', 'safety', 'security', 'requirements', 'supply', 'chain', 'equipment', 'suppliers', 'attendance', 'equipment', 'factory', 'acceptance', 'tests', 'installation', 'commissioning', 'teams', 'analysis', 'commissioning', 'results', 'requirements', 'submarine', 'nuclear', 'defence', 'power', 'industry', 'technical', 'report', 'writing', 'defence', 'standards', 'whilst', 'essential', 'advantage', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'system', 'equipment', 'depth', 'understanding', 'areas', 'power', 'system', 'modelling', 'generators', 'switchgear', 'protection', 'power', 'electronics', 'beng', 'hons', 'meng', 'equivalent', 'ceng', 'satisfy', 'requirements', 'ceng', 'ideal', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'live']" Engineering
"Title: RGN Staff Nurse
Webindex: 68559978
Company: Populus
Description: Position: Staff Nurse  RGN will also consider Newly Qualified brLocation: Selby brSalary: **** per hour plus overtime rate brbrJob Description: brI am currently looking to recruit a qualified RGN to work for a service based within a rural location. The service is CQC compliant and part of a Yorkshire based Healthcare Company brbrJob Requirements:brbrResponsible for the assessment of care/support needs of service usersbrDevelopment and implementation of care programmes brWorking alongside other nurses reporting to the Manager brSkills/ Qualifications:brbrRegistered Nurse  RGN will also consider newly qualified brDesire to make a difference to people brPassionate at delivering services that enhance lives brBenefits:brSalary **** per hour plus overtime rate brHoliday entitlement brEXCELLENT career progression and training opportunities brPicturesque working environment brFor more information on how to apply for this fantastic opportunity please contact Shona Blackburn on or email a copy of your up to date CV for immediate attention to" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00489.txt " RGN Staff Nurse" " 68559978" " Populus" " Position: Staff Nurse  RGN will also consider Newly Qualified brLocation: Selby brSalary: **** per hour plus overtime rate brbrJob Description: brI am currently looking to recruit a qualified RGN to work for a service based within a rural location. The service is CQC compliant and part of a Yorkshire based Healthcare Company brbrJob Requirements:brbrResponsible for the assessment of care/support needs of service usersbrDevelopment and implementation of care programmes brWorking alongside other nurses reporting to the Manager brSkills/ Qualifications:brbrRegistered Nurse  RGN will also consider newly qualified brDesire to make a difference to people brPassionate at delivering services that enhance lives brBenefits:brSalary **** per hour plus overtime rate brHoliday entitlement brEXCELLENT career progression and training opportunities brPicturesque working environment brFor more information on how to apply for this fantastic opportunity please contact Shona Blackburn on or email a copy of your up to date CV for immediate attention to" "['nurse', 'rgn', 'newly', 'qualified', 'brsalary', 'hour', 'overtime', 'rate', 'brbrjob', 'description', 'recruit', 'qualified', 'rgn', 'rural', 'location', 'cqc', 'compliant', 'part', 'yorkshire', 'healthcare', 'brbrjob', 'requirements', 'assessment', 'implementation', 'programmes', 'alongside', 'nurses', 'reporting', 'qualifications', 'nurse', 'rgn', 'newly', 'qualified', 'make', 'difference', 'people', 'delivering', 'enhance', 'lives', 'brsalary', 'hour', 'overtime', 'rate', 'entitlement', 'career', 'progression', 'opportunities', 'environment', 'information', 'fantastic', 'contact', 'blackburn', 'email', 'copy', 'date', 'cv', 'attention']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Care Worker / Care Assistant
Webindex: 46629059
Description: Westminster homecare has recently acquired Care in the Home LTD. We are looking for care assistants/care workers to provide care and support to service users in thier own homes in Cheltenham, Stroud, Gloucester, Bourton on the Water and Churchdown. Purpose of the Position To meet the personal care needs of service users in a way that respects the dignity of the individual and promotes independence. Principal Responsibilities To follow the directions of the Branch Manager and/or coordinator in the care to be provided to each individual service user. To assist service users, who need help with dressing, undressing washing, bathing and the toilet. To help service users with mobility problems and other physical disabilities, including incontinence; help in use and care of aids and personal equipment. To care for residents who are temporarily sick and needing, for example, minor dressings, bed nursing, help with feeding, etc. To help care for service users who are dying. To help in the promotion of mental and physical activity of service users through talking to them, taking them out, sharing with them in activities such as reading, writing, hobbies and recreations as indicated on the care plan. To make and change beds; do light cleaning. To launder service user’s clothing. To perform such other duties as may be reasonable required. To comply with the Organisation’s guidelines and policies at all times. To report to the Coordinator and/or Branch Manager any significant changes in the health or circumstances of a service user. To encourage service users to remain as independent as possible. Person Specification – Essential Criteria Self motivated and organised. Flexible. Caring and sensitive to needs of others and to the sick and infirm. An active team player but also able to work on own initiative. A good communicator. Staff Benefits. Paid Training. Free uniform. Excellent promotion prospects Good rates of pay. Mileage allowance. All staff are required to respect confidentiality of all matters that they might learn in the course of their employment. All staff are expected to respect the requirements under the Data Protection Act **** . All staff must ensure that they are aware of their responsibilities under the Health and Safety at Work Act **** . The post is exempt from the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act **** All applicants will be required to undergo a check with the Criminal Records Bureau prior to employment." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00551.txt " Care Worker / Care Assistant" " 46629059"  " Westminster homecare has recently acquired Care in the Home LTD. We are looking for care assistants/care workers to provide care and support to service users in thier own homes in Cheltenham, Stroud, Gloucester, Bourton on the Water and Churchdown. Purpose of the Position To meet the personal care needs of service users in a way that respects the dignity of the individual and promotes independence. Principal Responsibilities To follow the directions of the Branch Manager and/or coordinator in the care to be provided to each individual service user. To assist service users, who need help with dressing, undressing washing, bathing and the toilet. To help service users with mobility problems and other physical disabilities, including incontinence; help in use and care of aids and personal equipment. To care for residents who are temporarily sick and needing, for example, minor dressings, bed nursing, help with feeding, etc. To help care for service users who are dying. To help in the promotion of mental and physical activity of service users through talking to them, taking them out, sharing with them in activities such as reading, writing, hobbies and recreations as indicated on the care plan. To make and change beds; do light cleaning. To launder service user’s clothing. To perform such other duties as may be reasonable required. To comply with the Organisation’s guidelines and policies at all times. To report to the Coordinator and/or Branch Manager any significant changes in the health or circumstances of a service user. To encourage service users to remain as independent as possible. Person Specification – Essential Criteria Self motivated and organised. Flexible. Caring and sensitive to needs of others and to the sick and infirm. An active team player but also able to work on own initiative. A good communicator. Staff Benefits. Paid Training. Free uniform. Excellent promotion prospects Good rates of pay. Mileage allowance. All staff are required to respect confidentiality of all matters that they might learn in the course of their employment. All staff are expected to respect the requirements under the Data Protection Act **** . All staff must ensure that they are aware of their responsibilities under the Health and Safety at Work Act **** . The post is exempt from the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act **** All applicants will be required to undergo a check with the Criminal Records Bureau prior to employment." "['westminster', 'homecare', 'recently', 'acquired', 'assistants', 'workers', 'users', 'thier', 'homes', 'cheltenham', 'gloucester', 'water', 'purpose', 'meet', 'personal', 'users', 'dignity', 'individual', 'promotes', 'independence', 'principal', 'responsibilities', 'follow', 'branch', 'coordinator', 'provided', 'individual', 'user', 'assist', 'users', 'dressing', 'undressing', 'washing', 'bathing', 'users', 'mobility', 'problems', 'physical', 'disabilities', 'aids', 'personal', 'equipment', 'residents', 'temporarily', 'sick', 'needing', 'minor', 'bed', 'nursing', 'feeding', 'users', 'dying', 'promotion', 'mental', 'physical', 'activity', 'users', 'talking', 'taking', 'sharing', 'activities', 'reading', 'writing', 'hobbies', 'plan', 'make', 'change', 'beds', 'light', 'cleaning', 'user', 'clothing', 'perform', 'duties', 'reasonable', 'comply', 'organisation', 'guidelines', 'policies', 'times', 'report', 'coordinator', 'branch', 'significant', 'health', 'circumstances', 'user', 'encourage', 'users', 'remain', 'independent', 'person', 'specification', 'essential', 'criteria', 'motivated', 'organised', 'flexible', 'caring', 'sensitive', 'sick', 'infirm', 'active', 'player', 'initiative', 'communicator', 'benefits', 'paid', 'free', 'uniform', 'promotion', 'prospects', 'rates', 'pay', 'mileage', 'allowance', 'respect', 'confidentiality', 'matters', 'learn', 'employment', 'expected', 'respect', 'requirements', 'data', 'protection', 'act', 'aware', 'responsibilities', 'health', 'safety', 'act', 'post', 'exempt', 'rehabilitation', 'act', 'applicants', 'undergo', 'check', 'criminal', 'records', 'bureau', 'prior', 'employment']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Collections Advisor
Webindex: 70436315
Company: Hays Credit Management
Description: Hays Finance is currently recruiting a Collections Advisor for a financial services business based in Milton Keynes. In the role of Collections Advisor, you will be responsible as working part of a team will daily duties including: Liaising with customers resolving queries Arranging payment plans adhering to FSA regulations Taking Payments over the phone Updating customers details on the internal database Ad hoc Admin duties required by the Team Leader The successful candidate will need to have previously worked within Credit (Consumer) and possess strong customer service/ credit control skills. Strong communication along with being a team player is essential within this position. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C s, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00285.txt " Collections Advisor" " 70436315" " Hays Credit Management" " Hays Finance is currently recruiting a Collections Advisor for a financial services business based in Milton Keynes. In the role of Collections Advisor, you will be responsible as working part of a team will daily duties including: Liaising with customers resolving queries Arranging payment plans adhering to FSA regulations Taking Payments over the phone Updating customers details on the internal database Ad hoc Admin duties required by the Team Leader The successful candidate will need to have previously worked within Credit (Consumer) and possess strong customer service/ credit control skills. Strong communication along with being a team player is essential within this position. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C s, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk" "['hays', 'finance', 'recruiting', 'collections', 'advisor', 'milton', 'keynes', 'collections', 'advisor', 'responsible', 'part', 'daily', 'duties', 'liaising', 'customers', 'resolving', 'queries', 'arranging', 'payment', 'plans', 'adhering', 'fsa', 'regulations', 'taking', 'payments', 'phone', 'updating', 'customers', 'details', 'internal', 'database', 'ad', 'hoc', 'admin', 'duties', 'leader', 'previously', 'worked', 'credit', 'consumer', 'possess', 'credit', 'control', 'communication', 'player', 'essential', 'hays', 'specialist', 'limited', 'acts', 'employment', 'agency', 'permanent', 'employment', 'supply', 'temporary', 'workers', 'applying', 'accept', 'privacy', 'policy', 'disclaimers', 'found', 'hays']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Junior Account Manager
Webindex: 67639020
Company: Reynolds Reynolds
Description: Reynolds and Reynolds provides business applications for automotive dealerships, supplying them with the software and hardware they use to run their businesses. We are looking for talented individuals to join our team, and have positions available throughout our organisation. We believe that our success is built on the abilities of our employees and strive to create a challenging and rewarding environment where all individuals are respected and encouraged to grow in their careers. Job Duties: Maintaining regular phone contact and attending onsite meetings with customers and prospects for which a company car will be provided. Manage the relationships of an assigned base of KalamazooReynolds customers. Developing new business opportunities with existing customer base and prospects (nonReynolds and Reynolds systems users). Achieve new sales of Dealer Management Systems and other Reynolds and Reynolds products. Skills: Excellent communication skills  verbal and written Ability to assimilate knowledge and detail quickly Excellent presentation skills Highly motivated and driven individual High standards of personal hygiene High levels of vitality Education: Degree preferred, but not mandatory. Experience: B2B Sales and/or commercial experience useful but not essential. Good IT knowledge would be beneficial. Training Process: **** month program including time allocated to relevant company departments/operations. Salary: ****K base  commission (commissions start once training is completed)" 3 data/Sales\Job_00727.txt " Junior Account Manager" " 67639020" " Reynolds Reynolds" " Reynolds and Reynolds provides business applications for automotive dealerships, supplying them with the software and hardware they use to run their businesses. We are looking for talented individuals to join our team, and have positions available throughout our organisation. We believe that our success is built on the abilities of our employees and strive to create a challenging and rewarding environment where all individuals are respected and encouraged to grow in their careers. Job Duties: Maintaining regular phone contact and attending onsite meetings with customers and prospects for which a company car will be provided. Manage the relationships of an assigned base of KalamazooReynolds customers. Developing new business opportunities with existing customer base and prospects (nonReynolds and Reynolds systems users). Achieve new sales of Dealer Management Systems and other Reynolds and Reynolds products. Skills: Excellent communication skills  verbal and written Ability to assimilate knowledge and detail quickly Excellent presentation skills Highly motivated and driven individual High standards of personal hygiene High levels of vitality Education: Degree preferred, but not mandatory. Experience: B2B Sales and/or commercial experience useful but not essential. Good IT knowledge would be beneficial. Training Process: **** month program including time allocated to relevant company departments/operations. Salary: ****K base  commission (commissions start once training is completed)" "['reynolds', 'reynolds', 'applications', 'automotive', 'dealerships', 'supplying', 'software', 'hardware', 'run', 'businesses', 'talented', 'individuals', 'positions', 'organisation', 'success', 'built', 'abilities', 'employees', 'strive', 'create', 'challenging', 'rewarding', 'environment', 'individuals', 'respected', 'encouraged', 'grow', 'careers', 'duties', 'maintaining', 'regular', 'phone', 'contact', 'attending', 'onsite', 'meetings', 'customers', 'prospects', 'car', 'provided', 'manage', 'relationships', 'assigned', 'base', 'customers', 'developing', 'opportunities', 'existing', 'base', 'prospects', 'reynolds', 'users', 'achieve', 'dealer', 'reynolds', 'reynolds', 'products', 'communication', 'verbal', 'written', 'assimilate', 'detail', 'quickly', 'presentation', 'highly', 'motivated', 'driven', 'individual', 'standards', 'personal', 'hygiene', 'levels', 'education', 'degree', 'preferred', 'mandatory', 'commercial', 'essential', 'beneficial', 'process', 'month', 'program', 'time', 'allocated', 'relevant', 'departments', 'operations', 'base', 'commission', 'commissions', 'start', 'completed']" Sales
"Title: Finance Assistant  Italian
Webindex: 50738105
Company: Linguists Direct
Description: European HQ of major organisation involved in the fashion sector has an opportunity for a finance assistant with particular emphasis on credit control. Responsibilities will cover assessing the credit risk on specific Italian customer accounts and that they are accurately and promptly maintained. You will be involved in obtaining customer and financial data for review and setting credit limits, maintaining accounts receivables balances and processing documentary letters of credit. The role will involve extensive internal liaison and client contact, so excellent communication skills are essential. Consideration will be given to candidates who are numerate and have fluent Italian, and experience of working in a fast moving office environment. Salary **** plus benefits. The company offers superb working conditions, with casual dress policy." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00360.txt " Finance Assistant  Italian" " 50738105" " Linguists Direct" " European HQ of major organisation involved in the fashion sector has an opportunity for a finance assistant with particular emphasis on credit control. Responsibilities will cover assessing the credit risk on specific Italian customer accounts and that they are accurately and promptly maintained. You will be involved in obtaining customer and financial data for review and setting credit limits, maintaining accounts receivables balances and processing documentary letters of credit. The role will involve extensive internal liaison and client contact, so excellent communication skills are essential. Consideration will be given to candidates who are numerate and have fluent Italian, and experience of working in a fast moving office environment. Salary **** plus benefits. The company offers superb working conditions, with casual dress policy." "['european', 'hq', 'major', 'organisation', 'involved', 'fashion', 'sector', 'finance', 'assistant', 'emphasis', 'credit', 'control', 'responsibilities', 'cover', 'assessing', 'credit', 'risk', 'specific', 'italian', 'accounts', 'accurately', 'promptly', 'maintained', 'involved', 'obtaining', 'data', 'review', 'setting', 'credit', 'limits', 'maintaining', 'accounts', 'balances', 'processing', 'documentary', 'letters', 'credit', 'involve', 'extensive', 'internal', 'liaison', 'contact', 'communication', 'essential', 'consideration', 'candidates', 'numerate', 'fluent', 'italian', 'fast', 'moving', 'office', 'environment', 'benefits', 'offers', 'superb', 'conditions', 'casual', 'dress', 'policy']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Financial AnalystBelfast****k
Webindex: 70223375
Company: Black Fox Solutions
Description: Financial AnalystBelfast****k Black Fox Solutions is currently representing a fantastic opportunity for a Financial Analyst to join the Finance Team in a company responsible for the Electricity Grid within Northern Ireland. An opportunity has arisen for a Financial Analyst to join the finance team assuming responsibility for key aspects of the company s financial management. This is a temporary position and a challenging role that offers an ideal springboard to your developing accountancy career. Description of Duties . The main duties will include: Treasury  Cash flow forecasts, bank reconciliations, payments and credit control Monthly management accounts Carry out analysis of expenditure and variance analysis for all OPEX Manage the issue of GL codes and cost centres Prepare monthly reconciliations for all agreed Balance Sheet accounts Assist in budgeting and LBE process Assist in preparation of the Price Control submission Assisting in the development of all aspects of the finance function including systems and process Assisting in the development of business processes and internal controls and in their ongoing monitoring and audit as required Preparation and submission of Group VAT return and queries Supervision of Accounting Technician and Purchase Ledger Clerk Liaising with Group managers, external companies, bank and HMRC Other ad hoc finance work as required Essential Criteria: Qualified accountant, able to demonstrate fully uptodate knowledge of professional standards and procedures Strong IT skills particularly in the use of MS Excel Strong analytical and communication skills Strong procedural and numerical reasoning skills Good organisational skills and attention to detail Ability to manage time well to achieve deadlines Ability to work as a team member and on own initiative Desirable Criteria: Experience of working in a trading environment Experience of regulatory accounting The successful candidate must be willing to work a reasonable amount of overtime when required and demonstrate commitment, flexibility and adaptability to meet quality standards and work deadlines. It should be recognised that the nature of this post will change over time as the needs of the business change and it is a requirement of the job that the holder will contribute to this development. This post is a temporary contract of 6 months duration, after which it will be reviewed. There may be occasional travel to RoI. If this role is off interest please contact Donna at Black Fox Solutions on **** or send CV via the link or This service is private confidential Financial AnalystBelfast****k" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00260.txt " Financial AnalystBelfast****k" " 70223375" " Black Fox Solutions" " Financial AnalystBelfast****k Black Fox Solutions is currently representing a fantastic opportunity for a Financial Analyst to join the Finance Team in a company responsible for the Electricity Grid within Northern Ireland. An opportunity has arisen for a Financial Analyst to join the finance team assuming responsibility for key aspects of the company s financial management. This is a temporary position and a challenging role that offers an ideal springboard to your developing accountancy career. Description of Duties . The main duties will include: Treasury  Cash flow forecasts, bank reconciliations, payments and credit control Monthly management accounts Carry out analysis of expenditure and variance analysis for all OPEX Manage the issue of GL codes and cost centres Prepare monthly reconciliations for all agreed Balance Sheet accounts Assist in budgeting and LBE process Assist in preparation of the Price Control submission Assisting in the development of all aspects of the finance function including systems and process Assisting in the development of business processes and internal controls and in their ongoing monitoring and audit as required Preparation and submission of Group VAT return and queries Supervision of Accounting Technician and Purchase Ledger Clerk Liaising with Group managers, external companies, bank and HMRC Other ad hoc finance work as required Essential Criteria: Qualified accountant, able to demonstrate fully uptodate knowledge of professional standards and procedures Strong IT skills particularly in the use of MS Excel Strong analytical and communication skills Strong procedural and numerical reasoning skills Good organisational skills and attention to detail Ability to manage time well to achieve deadlines Ability to work as a team member and on own initiative Desirable Criteria: Experience of working in a trading environment Experience of regulatory accounting The successful candidate must be willing to work a reasonable amount of overtime when required and demonstrate commitment, flexibility and adaptability to meet quality standards and work deadlines. It should be recognised that the nature of this post will change over time as the needs of the business change and it is a requirement of the job that the holder will contribute to this development. This post is a temporary contract of 6 months duration, after which it will be reviewed. There may be occasional travel to RoI. If this role is off interest please contact Donna at Black Fox Solutions on **** or send CV via the link or This service is private confidential Financial AnalystBelfast****k" "['analystbelfast', 'black', 'fox', 'solutions', 'representing', 'fantastic', 'analyst', 'finance', 'responsible', 'electricity', 'grid', 'northern', 'ireland', 'arisen', 'analyst', 'finance', 'assuming', 'responsibility', 'key', 'aspects', 'temporary', 'challenging', 'offers', 'ideal', 'developing', 'accountancy', 'career', 'description', 'duties', 'main', 'duties', 'include', 'treasury', 'cash', 'flow', 'forecasts', 'bank', 'reconciliations', 'payments', 'credit', 'control', 'monthly', 'accounts', 'carry', 'analysis', 'expenditure', 'variance', 'analysis', 'opex', 'manage', 'issue', 'codes', 'cost', 'centres', 'prepare', 'monthly', 'reconciliations', 'agreed', 'balance', 'sheet', 'accounts', 'assist', 'budgeting', 'process', 'assist', 'preparation', 'price', 'control', 'submission', 'assisting', 'aspects', 'finance', 'function', 'process', 'assisting', 'processes', 'internal', 'controls', 'ongoing', 'monitoring', 'audit', 'preparation', 'submission', 'group', 'vat', 'return', 'queries', 'supervision', 'accounting', 'technician', 'purchase', 'ledger', 'clerk', 'liaising', 'group', 'managers', 'external', 'companies', 'bank', 'hmrc', 'ad', 'hoc', 'finance', 'essential', 'criteria', 'qualified', 'accountant', 'demonstrate', 'fully', 'uptodate', 'professional', 'standards', 'procedures', 'ms', 'excel', 'analytical', 'communication', 'procedural', 'numerical', 'reasoning', 'organisational', 'attention', 'detail', 'manage', 'time', 'achieve', 'deadlines', 'member', 'initiative', 'desirable', 'criteria', 'trading', 'environment', 'regulatory', 'accounting', 'reasonable', 'amount', 'overtime', 'demonstrate', 'commitment', 'flexibility', 'adaptability', 'meet', 'quality', 'standards', 'deadlines', 'recognised', 'nature', 'post', 'change', 'time', 'change', 'requirement', 'holder', 'contribute', 'post', 'temporary', 'contract', 'months', 'duration', 'reviewed', 'occasional', 'travel', 'roi', 'interest', 'contact', 'donna', 'black', 'fox', 'solutions', 'send', 'cv', 'link', 'private', 'confidential', 'analystbelfast']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Retentions Advisor
Webindex: 68510409
Company: Equals One
Description: Retentions Advisor Hours  Full time working until 7pm one evening per week to be arranged Salary ****  **** per annum dependant on experience  commission Central Leeds, West Yorkshire This role focuses on the daytoday work associated with processing customer complaints, cancellations and ensuring payments from clients are up to date and are distributed to creditors within the agreed time frame as set by the TSI and ensuring that the quality of the customer experience is in line with agreed service standards and meets internal procedures and controls. Candidate's main priority will be dealing with escalated issues from clients by communicating with them verbally and in writing regarding their complaint/cancellation. You will be expected to liaise and maintain relationships with external agencies such as FOS and Citizens Advice. Essentials skills Minimum 12 months experience dealing with complaint Handling Excellent written and verbal communication skills High level of accuracy Strong organisational skills Strong telephone customer service background both inbound and outbound Qualifications **** GCSE's including Maths & English Excellent computer skills with working knowledge of word and excel" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00415.txt " Retentions Advisor" " 68510409" " Equals One" " Retentions Advisor Hours  Full time working until 7pm one evening per week to be arranged Salary ****  **** per annum dependant on experience  commission Central Leeds, West Yorkshire This role focuses on the daytoday work associated with processing customer complaints, cancellations and ensuring payments from clients are up to date and are distributed to creditors within the agreed time frame as set by the TSI and ensuring that the quality of the customer experience is in line with agreed service standards and meets internal procedures and controls. Candidate's main priority will be dealing with escalated issues from clients by communicating with them verbally and in writing regarding their complaint/cancellation. You will be expected to liaise and maintain relationships with external agencies such as FOS and Citizens Advice. Essentials skills Minimum 12 months experience dealing with complaint Handling Excellent written and verbal communication skills High level of accuracy Strong organisational skills Strong telephone customer service background both inbound and outbound Qualifications **** GCSE's including Maths & English Excellent computer skills with working knowledge of word and excel" "['retentions', 'advisor', 'hours', 'time', 'pm', 'evening', 'week', 'arranged', 'annum', 'dependant', 'commission', 'central', 'leeds', 'west', 'yorkshire', 'focuses', 'daytoday', 'processing', 'complaints', 'ensuring', 'payments', 'date', 'distributed', 'creditors', 'agreed', 'time', 'frame', 'set', 'ensuring', 'quality', 'line', 'agreed', 'standards', 'meets', 'internal', 'procedures', 'controls', 'main', 'priority', 'dealing', 'escalated', 'issues', 'communicating', 'verbally', 'writing', 'complaint', 'expected', 'liaise', 'maintain', 'relationships', 'external', 'agencies', 'fos', 'citizens', 'advice', 'essentials', 'minimum', 'months', 'dealing', 'complaint', 'handling', 'written', 'verbal', 'communication', 'level', 'accuracy', 'organisational', 'telephone', 'background', 'inbound', 'outbound', 'qualifications', ""gcse's"", 'maths', 'english', 'computer', 'word', 'excel']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Mental Health Nurse (RMN)  Trowbridge
Webindex: 68537749
Company: MSI Nurses LTD
Description: MSI Nurses are currently looking to recruit qualified and experienced Registered Mental Health Nurses (RMN's) to work regular adhoc shifts in a local NHS Hospital based within a commutable distance from Trowbridge.We can offer competitive pay rates and have plenty of work available to suit your needs. Job Summary:  Caring for patients experiencing acute mental distress or who have an enduring mental illness  Assess patients, plans and implements care  Provide specialist advice and maintains associated records  Carry out specialist nursing procedures  Promote a recovery based approach to care Training and qualifications:  Registered on the appropriate part of the NMC register for the assignment Experience:  6 months relevant UK Hospital experience (ideally NHS) Registered on the appropriate part of the NMC register for the assignment If you are a Registered Mental Health Nurse (RMN) that meets the criteria above, then please do apply online with a copy of your most recent CV. Alternatively contact Benn Garbutt on **** **** ****" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00460.txt " Mental Health Nurse (RMN)  Trowbridge" " 68537749" " MSI Nurses LTD" " MSI Nurses are currently looking to recruit qualified and experienced Registered Mental Health Nurses (RMN's) to work regular adhoc shifts in a local NHS Hospital based within a commutable distance from Trowbridge.We can offer competitive pay rates and have plenty of work available to suit your needs. Job Summary:  Caring for patients experiencing acute mental distress or who have an enduring mental illness  Assess patients, plans and implements care  Provide specialist advice and maintains associated records  Carry out specialist nursing procedures  Promote a recovery based approach to care Training and qualifications:  Registered on the appropriate part of the NMC register for the assignment Experience:  6 months relevant UK Hospital experience (ideally NHS) Registered on the appropriate part of the NMC register for the assignment If you are a Registered Mental Health Nurse (RMN) that meets the criteria above, then please do apply online with a copy of your most recent CV. Alternatively contact Benn Garbutt on **** **** ****" "['msi', 'nurses', 'recruit', 'qualified', 'experienced', 'registered', 'mental', 'health', 'nurses', ""rmn's"", 'regular', 'adhoc', 'shifts', 'local', 'nhs', 'hospital', 'commutable', 'distance', 'offer', 'competitive', 'pay', 'rates', 'plenty', 'suit', 'summary', 'caring', 'patients', 'experiencing', 'acute', 'mental', 'distress', 'enduring', 'mental', 'illness', 'assess', 'patients', 'plans', 'implements', 'specialist', 'advice', 'maintains', 'records', 'carry', 'specialist', 'nursing', 'procedures', 'promote', 'recovery', 'approach', 'qualifications', 'registered', 'part', 'nmc', 'register', 'assignment', 'months', 'relevant', 'hospital', 'ideally', 'nhs', 'registered', 'part', 'nmc', 'register', 'assignment', 'registered', 'mental', 'health', 'nurse', 'rmn', 'meets', 'criteria', 'online', 'copy', 'recent', 'cv', 'alternatively', 'contact', 'benn', 'garbutt']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Theatre Practitioner  Chichester
Webindex: 71608168
Company: H1 Healthcare Group Ltd
Description: An exciting opportunity has arisen for Theatre Practitioner's with experience in recovery and anaesthetics Our client is a leading provider of health, fitness and wellbeing services all across the UK and are looking for skilled Theatre Practitioners to become part of a dedicated, professional healthcare team in a highly regarded hospital in West Sussex. We want to hear from theatre nurses and ODP's with proven skills in the areas of anaesthetics and recovery. As a Theatre Practitioner, you will ensure that high levels of quality care are delivered to patients, experience a varied surgical caseload and get to work with a highly skilled and talented multidisciplinary team every day. To be considered for this role, you must be a flexible, team player, have good communication skills and above all be passionate about providing only the highest levels of care. In return our client is offering a great opportunity with exposure to varied surgical cases in addition to competitive salary and benefits." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00511.txt " Theatre Practitioner  Chichester" " 71608168" " H1 Healthcare Group Ltd" " An exciting opportunity has arisen for Theatre Practitioner's with experience in recovery and anaesthetics Our client is a leading provider of health, fitness and wellbeing services all across the UK and are looking for skilled Theatre Practitioners to become part of a dedicated, professional healthcare team in a highly regarded hospital in West Sussex. We want to hear from theatre nurses and ODP's with proven skills in the areas of anaesthetics and recovery. As a Theatre Practitioner, you will ensure that high levels of quality care are delivered to patients, experience a varied surgical caseload and get to work with a highly skilled and talented multidisciplinary team every day. To be considered for this role, you must be a flexible, team player, have good communication skills and above all be passionate about providing only the highest levels of care. In return our client is offering a great opportunity with exposure to varied surgical cases in addition to competitive salary and benefits." "['exciting', 'arisen', 'theatre', 'recovery', 'anaesthetics', 'provider', 'health', 'fitness', 'wellbeing', 'skilled', 'theatre', 'practitioners', 'part', 'dedicated', 'professional', 'healthcare', 'highly', 'regarded', 'hospital', 'west', 'sussex', 'hear', 'theatre', 'nurses', 'proven', 'areas', 'anaesthetics', 'recovery', 'theatre', 'practitioner', 'levels', 'quality', 'delivered', 'patients', 'varied', 'surgical', 'caseload', 'highly', 'skilled', 'talented', 'multidisciplinary', 'day', 'considered', 'flexible', 'player', 'communication', 'passionate', 'providing', 'highest', 'levels', 'return', 'offering', 'great', 'exposure', 'varied', 'surgical', 'cases', 'addition', 'competitive', 'benefits']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Sales and Business Development
Webindex: 67895483
Company: Adecco
Description: Are you an experienced sales person with experience of selling B2B? Do you have excellent communication skills and a tenacious and driven personality? If so I have a great opportunity for you to join a fantastic company selling their product, in return you will be offered excellent commission and some great benefits. The right candidate will have: B2B experience A solid work history Good IT skills Excellent communication and objection handling skills You will be taking a mixture of inbound calls and making outbound calls to increase company revenue. Working hours are 9am  5.30pm Monday to Friday. Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy" 3 data/Sales\Job_00676.txt " Sales and Business Development" " 67895483" " Adecco" " Are you an experienced sales person with experience of selling B2B? Do you have excellent communication skills and a tenacious and driven personality? If so I have a great opportunity for you to join a fantastic company selling their product, in return you will be offered excellent commission and some great benefits. The right candidate will have: B2B experience A solid work history Good IT skills Excellent communication and objection handling skills You will be taking a mixture of inbound calls and making outbound calls to increase company revenue. Working hours are 9am  5.30pm Monday to Friday. Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy" "['experienced', 'person', 'selling', 'communication', 'tenacious', 'driven', 'personality', 'great', 'fantastic', 'selling', 'product', 'return', 'offered', 'commission', 'great', 'benefits', 'solid', 'history', 'communication', 'objection', 'handling', 'taking', 'mixture', 'inbound', 'calls', 'making', 'outbound', 'calls', 'increase', 'revenue', 'hours', 'pm', 'monday', 'friday', 'adecco', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'vacancy']" Sales
"Title: PMI Sales Executive
Webindex: 71186780
Company: Adecco Group
Description: Do you want to earn up to **** per year? Do you have a PMI background? Are you a highly motivated individual? Do you have an exceptional record in sales or telesales? My client is a growing Private Medical Insurer who needs talented sales staff with an understanding of the PMI and insurance industry. You will be selling the product in a highly regulated environment and will need a full understanding of FSA regulations and compliance. ****k basic with an OTE of ****k although top performers are earning in excess of ****k per year If you are the person we are looking for please contact Paul on **** **** or Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PMISalesExecutive_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00383.txt " PMI Sales Executive" " 71186780" " Adecco Group" " Do you want to earn up to **** per year? Do you have a PMI background? Are you a highly motivated individual? Do you have an exceptional record in sales or telesales? My client is a growing Private Medical Insurer who needs talented sales staff with an understanding of the PMI and insurance industry. You will be selling the product in a highly regulated environment and will need a full understanding of FSA regulations and compliance. ****k basic with an OTE of ****k although top performers are earning in excess of ****k per year If you are the person we are looking for please contact Paul on **** **** or Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PMISalesExecutive_job****" "['earn', 'year', 'pmi', 'background', 'highly', 'motivated', 'individual', 'exceptional', 'record', 'telesales', 'growing', 'private', 'medical', 'insurer', 'talented', 'understanding', 'pmi', 'insurance', 'industry', 'selling', 'product', 'highly', 'regulated', 'environment', 'understanding', 'fsa', 'regulations', 'compliance', 'basic', 'ote', 'top', 'performers', 'earning', 'excess', 'year', 'person', 'contact', 'paul', 'adecco', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'vacancy', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Peiriannydd Gweithgynhyrchu
Webindex: 72564385
Description: Dyletswyddau a Chyfrifoldebau Hanfodol: **** Peiriannu cydrannau i fanyleb cwsmeriaid gan ddefnyddio rhaglennu rheoli rhifiadol (CC). ****Rhaglenni/dilysu cydrannau amrywiol ar bob Peiriannau CNC . **** Goruchwylio a phrofi'r holl raglenni newydd **** Dehongli lluniadau peirianneg a manylebau cwsmeriaid i ddylunio gosodiadau amrywiol a jigiau, gan adeiladu’r gosodiad fel model solet, rhaglennu’n rhannol, ac yna profi taflenni a dogfennau perthnasol i greu rhan fel proses sefydlog i gyflawni set rhaglenni. . **** Uchafu prosesau presennol a lleihau gormod o leoedd ar beiriannau CNC yn y pen draw, lleihau gosodiadau rhaglenni a ddyfynnwyd a datrys tagfeydd. **** Bodloni ein targedau gwelliant parhaus a chymryd rhan mewn unrhyw brosiectau CI yn l y gofyn. **** Rhaid bod  phrofiad o Catia a Vericut." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00054.txt " Peiriannydd Gweithgynhyrchu" " 72564385"  " Dyletswyddau a Chyfrifoldebau Hanfodol: **** Peiriannu cydrannau i fanyleb cwsmeriaid gan ddefnyddio rhaglennu rheoli rhifiadol (CC). ****Rhaglenni/dilysu cydrannau amrywiol ar bob Peiriannau CNC . **** Goruchwylio a phrofi'r holl raglenni newydd **** Dehongli lluniadau peirianneg a manylebau cwsmeriaid i ddylunio gosodiadau amrywiol a jigiau, gan adeiladu’r gosodiad fel model solet, rhaglennu’n rhannol, ac yna profi taflenni a dogfennau perthnasol i greu rhan fel proses sefydlog i gyflawni set rhaglenni. . **** Uchafu prosesau presennol a lleihau gormod o leoedd ar beiriannau CNC yn y pen draw, lleihau gosodiadau rhaglenni a ddyfynnwyd a datrys tagfeydd. **** Bodloni ein targedau gwelliant parhaus a chymryd rhan mewn unrhyw brosiectau CI yn l y gofyn. **** Rhaid bod  phrofiad o Catia a Vericut." "['cydrannau', 'cwsmeriaid', 'gan', 'rhaglennu', 'rhaglenni', 'cydrannau', 'amrywiol', 'ar', 'cnc', 'cwsmeriaid', 'gosodiadau', 'amrywiol', 'gan', 'fel', 'model', 'rhaglennu', 'ac', 'rhan', 'fel', 'set', 'rhaglenni', 'lleihau', 'ar', 'cnc', 'yn', 'draw', 'lleihau', 'gosodiadau', 'rhaglenni', 'ein', 'rhan', 'yn', 'catia']" Engineering
"Title: MEDIA SALES EXECUTIVE
Webindex: 69250788
Company: Aston Recruitment Limited
Description: Media Sales Executive (Outdoor Advertising) Area: Dundee, Perth and Fife Salary: ****k  ****k basic  OTE ****k (uncapped), company car etc Would you like the opportunity to join the exciting world of outdoor media? This company is looking for experienced field sales executives to join their professional sales team. Media sales experience will be a distinct advantage although not a necessity. If you have B2B field sales experience and the drive and determination to succeed in a targetdriven environment, I want to hear from you. Your role will involve providing marketing solutions to new and existing clients within a given territory. You will need to possess excellent communication and presentation skills and the desire to win new business by cold calling and visiting customers within a geographical area, as well as dealing direct, there will be a agency client base to. Successful candidates will enjoy an exciting, rewarding career, professional training and all the benefits you would expect from a UK market leading organisation." 3 data/Sales\Job_00715.txt " MEDIA SALES EXECUTIVE" " 69250788" " Aston Recruitment Limited" " Media Sales Executive (Outdoor Advertising) Area: Dundee, Perth and Fife Salary: ****k  ****k basic  OTE ****k (uncapped), company car etc Would you like the opportunity to join the exciting world of outdoor media? This company is looking for experienced field sales executives to join their professional sales team. Media sales experience will be a distinct advantage although not a necessity. If you have B2B field sales experience and the drive and determination to succeed in a targetdriven environment, I want to hear from you. Your role will involve providing marketing solutions to new and existing clients within a given territory. You will need to possess excellent communication and presentation skills and the desire to win new business by cold calling and visiting customers within a geographical area, as well as dealing direct, there will be a agency client base to. Successful candidates will enjoy an exciting, rewarding career, professional training and all the benefits you would expect from a UK market leading organisation." "['media', 'executive', 'outdoor', 'advertising', 'area', 'dundee', 'perth', 'basic', 'ote', 'uncapped', 'car', 'exciting', 'world', 'outdoor', 'media', 'experienced', 'field', 'executives', 'professional', 'media', 'distinct', 'advantage', 'field', 'drive', 'determination', 'succeed', 'targetdriven', 'environment', 'hear', 'involve', 'providing', 'marketing', 'solutions', 'existing', 'territory', 'possess', 'communication', 'presentation', 'desire', 'win', 'cold', 'calling', 'visiting', 'customers', 'geographical', 'area', 'dealing', 'direct', 'agency', 'base', 'candidates', 'enjoy', 'exciting', 'rewarding', 'career', 'professional', 'benefits', 'expect', 'market', 'organisation']" Sales
"Title: Senior Staff Nurse
Webindex: 69587191
Company: Oxford University Hospitals NHS Trust
Description: THE CHURCHILL HOSPITAL Senior Staff Nurse Job Ref: ****NG**** Salary: Band 6 ****  **** pa Hours f/t **** pw Interventional Radiology is a rapidly expanding speciality and involves working as part of a multi disciplinary team. We are looking for an enthusiastic, motivated and dedicated nurse who has excellent communication skills and will give a high standard of quality patient care. Our ideal candidate will have relevant post registration experience which could include either radiology, cardiac angiography, recovery or theatres experience along with some leadership skills. The post requires the successful candidate to commit to an on call rota for emergency and out of hours work. If you require any further information or an informal visit please contact Karen Doig, Radiology Sister on **** **** Closing Date: 15 February 2013 To apply and find out more visit: www.ouh.nhs.uk/workingforus then click on NHS Jobs website Some posts will be subject to criminal records bureau checks. Equality of opportunity is assured and we are committed to improving your working life. Our no smoking policy advances a healthier environment" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00544.txt " Senior Staff Nurse" " 69587191" " Oxford University Hospitals NHS Trust" " THE CHURCHILL HOSPITAL Senior Staff Nurse Job Ref: ****NG**** Salary: Band 6 ****  **** pa Hours f/t **** pw Interventional Radiology is a rapidly expanding speciality and involves working as part of a multi disciplinary team. We are looking for an enthusiastic, motivated and dedicated nurse who has excellent communication skills and will give a high standard of quality patient care. Our ideal candidate will have relevant post registration experience which could include either radiology, cardiac angiography, recovery or theatres experience along with some leadership skills. The post requires the successful candidate to commit to an on call rota for emergency and out of hours work. If you require any further information or an informal visit please contact Karen Doig, Radiology Sister on **** **** Closing Date: 15 February 2013 To apply and find out more visit: www.ouh.nhs.uk/workingforus then click on NHS Jobs website Some posts will be subject to criminal records bureau checks. Equality of opportunity is assured and we are committed to improving your working life. Our no smoking policy advances a healthier environment" "['hospital', 'senior', 'nurse', 'ref', 'ng', 'band', 'pa', 'hours', 'pw', 'interventional', 'radiology', 'rapidly', 'expanding', 'speciality', 'involves', 'part', 'multi', 'disciplinary', 'enthusiastic', 'motivated', 'dedicated', 'nurse', 'communication', 'give', 'standard', 'quality', 'patient', 'ideal', 'relevant', 'post', 'registration', 'include', 'radiology', 'cardiac', 'angiography', 'recovery', 'theatres', 'leadership', 'post', 'requires', 'commit', 'call', 'rota', 'emergency', 'hours', 'require', 'information', 'informal', 'visit', 'contact', 'radiology', 'sister', 'closing', 'date', 'february', 'find', 'visit', 'www', 'nhs', 'click', 'nhs', 'jobs', 'website', 'posts', 'subject', 'criminal', 'records', 'bureau', 'checks', 'equality', 'assured', 'committed', 'improving', 'life', 'policy', 'advances', 'environment']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: RGN Staff Nurse  Cardiff
Webindex: 71090289
Company: Professional Social Care Solutions Ltd
Description: RGN – Newport ******** per hour  benefitsOur client is a small group of nursing homes in the south Wales area. They are dedicated to providing the highest level of support to their residents and pride themselves on the standard of care within their homes. They are currently recruiting for an RGN for their 43 bed nursing home in the Marshfield area which is located between Cardiff and Newport.Reporting to the clinical lead and the registered manager you will be responsible for the day to day well being of the residents. Main responsibilities will include: Administering medication Report any illnesses and make requests for doctors/professional visits whenever necessary. Ensuring that care plans are completed and maintained in accordance with NMC guidelines and the homes policies. To maintain accurate records and ensure that each service user within the home has an individualised care plan To carry out regular checks on service users at intervals determined by the clinical managerYou will be a registered general nurse with experience in a similar setting. The ideal candidate will have a genuine interest in care of the elderly and an ability to relate to elderly people. In return you will receive a generous salary and benefits package along with ongoing training and career development opportunities." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00545.txt " RGN Staff Nurse  Cardiff" " 71090289" " Professional Social Care Solutions Ltd" " RGN – Newport ******** per hour  benefitsOur client is a small group of nursing homes in the south Wales area. They are dedicated to providing the highest level of support to their residents and pride themselves on the standard of care within their homes. They are currently recruiting for an RGN for their 43 bed nursing home in the Marshfield area which is located between Cardiff and Newport.Reporting to the clinical lead and the registered manager you will be responsible for the day to day well being of the residents. Main responsibilities will include: Administering medication Report any illnesses and make requests for doctors/professional visits whenever necessary. Ensuring that care plans are completed and maintained in accordance with NMC guidelines and the homes policies. To maintain accurate records and ensure that each service user within the home has an individualised care plan To carry out regular checks on service users at intervals determined by the clinical managerYou will be a registered general nurse with experience in a similar setting. The ideal candidate will have a genuine interest in care of the elderly and an ability to relate to elderly people. In return you will receive a generous salary and benefits package along with ongoing training and career development opportunities." "['rgn', 'newport', 'hour', 'small', 'group', 'nursing', 'homes', 'south', 'wales', 'area', 'dedicated', 'providing', 'highest', 'level', 'residents', 'pride', 'standard', 'homes', 'recruiting', 'rgn', 'bed', 'nursing', 'area', 'located', 'cardiff', 'newport', 'reporting', 'clinical', 'lead', 'registered', 'responsible', 'day', 'day', 'residents', 'main', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'administering', 'medication', 'report', 'make', 'requests', 'doctors', 'professional', 'visits', 'ensuring', 'plans', 'completed', 'maintained', 'accordance', 'nmc', 'guidelines', 'homes', 'policies', 'maintain', 'accurate', 'records', 'user', 'individualised', 'plan', 'carry', 'regular', 'checks', 'users', 'intervals', 'determined', 'clinical', 'registered', 'general', 'nurse', 'similar', 'setting', 'ideal', 'genuine', 'interest', 'elderly', 'relate', 'elderly', 'people', 'return', 'receive', 'generous', 'benefits', 'package', 'ongoing', 'career', 'opportunities']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Area Sales Representative
Webindex: 72240625
Company: Frontline Bathrooms Ltd
Description: Frontline Bathrooms is one of the UK’s leading bathroom distributors to both bathroom showrooms and plumbers merchants throughout the UK. We are currently looking to recruit an Area Sales Representative for the North East who will be responsible for looking after and visiting all our customers throughout the area. The ideal candidate will have achieved at least grade C or above in English and Maths at GCSE level or equivalent and must have a full clean driving licence. A proven track record on the road within the bathroom/kitchen industry is preferable, but not essential. You will need to be selfmotivated, trustworthy, enthusiastic and well presented with excellent communication skills, a good work ethic and a desire to succeed. The successful candidate will receive benefits, such as a fullyfuelled company car, mobile phone and more. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AreaSalesRepresentative_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00640.txt " Area Sales Representative" " 72240625" " Frontline Bathrooms Ltd" " Frontline Bathrooms is one of the UK’s leading bathroom distributors to both bathroom showrooms and plumbers merchants throughout the UK. We are currently looking to recruit an Area Sales Representative for the North East who will be responsible for looking after and visiting all our customers throughout the area. The ideal candidate will have achieved at least grade C or above in English and Maths at GCSE level or equivalent and must have a full clean driving licence. A proven track record on the road within the bathroom/kitchen industry is preferable, but not essential. You will need to be selfmotivated, trustworthy, enthusiastic and well presented with excellent communication skills, a good work ethic and a desire to succeed. The successful candidate will receive benefits, such as a fullyfuelled company car, mobile phone and more. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AreaSalesRepresentative_job****" "['frontline', 'bathrooms', 'bathroom', 'distributors', 'bathroom', 'merchants', 'recruit', 'area', 'representative', 'north', 'east', 'responsible', 'visiting', 'customers', 'area', 'ideal', 'achieved', 'grade', 'english', 'maths', 'gcse', 'level', 'equivalent', 'clean', 'driving', 'licence', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'road', 'bathroom', 'industry', 'preferable', 'essential', 'selfmotivated', 'trustworthy', 'enthusiastic', 'presented', 'communication', 'ethic', 'desire', 'succeed', 'receive', 'benefits', 'car', 'mobile', 'phone', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Account Manager
Webindex: 69553242
Description: Opportunity  Shipley, West Yorkshire Based IT Sales Executive Company Requirements At least 1 Years Experience with a proven track record in IT Sales/ Account Management Hitting profit targets consistently A strong customer base with proven relationships Must be self motivated, determined and have a keen attention to detail Experience in cold calling and account management Strong Communication and Telephone Skills A background of IT business to business sales Based in the West Yorkshire region or willing to move/ commute Job Description We currently have vacancies for experienced IT sales people to work in our busy IT sales office selling Computer and IT related products and services to Corporate and SME customers throughout the UK. Key responsibilities and accountabilities Generate new leads by researching and prospecting clients. Cold calling to clients, advertising and promoting the companies status as a leading forward thinking IT reseller. Work with sales leads provided by company, these will include leads for high margin products and services. Maintain and develop relationships with both new and existing customers. Self Monitor and report on activities and provide relevant management information as and when required within the timescale given. Liaise and attend meetings with other company functions necessary to perform duties and aid business and organisational development. Attend training to develop relevant knowledge and skills. Hours of Work Mon  Thurs:  ****:****  ****:**** Fridays:  ****:****  ****:**** Salary and Benefits Basic  Up to **** depending on experience OTE  Uncapped Commission Up to **** sign up bonus depending on experience. Leading Industry Commission Scheme 22 Days holiday  **** statutory days Private Healthcare  We look after our staff Working with new and emerging technologies You keep your accounts Once you get them, they're yours, we don't move them around or take them from anyone while you are in our employment. Cassual Attire Permitted The company are growing and looking to hire experienced hard working staff and will help them perform to their potential. A friendly, motivational atmosphere makes this a great place to work so come and find your perfect career with us" 3 data/Sales\Job_00698.txt " Account Manager" " 69553242"  " Opportunity  Shipley, West Yorkshire Based IT Sales Executive Company Requirements At least 1 Years Experience with a proven track record in IT Sales/ Account Management Hitting profit targets consistently A strong customer base with proven relationships Must be self motivated, determined and have a keen attention to detail Experience in cold calling and account management Strong Communication and Telephone Skills A background of IT business to business sales Based in the West Yorkshire region or willing to move/ commute Job Description We currently have vacancies for experienced IT sales people to work in our busy IT sales office selling Computer and IT related products and services to Corporate and SME customers throughout the UK. Key responsibilities and accountabilities Generate new leads by researching and prospecting clients. Cold calling to clients, advertising and promoting the companies status as a leading forward thinking IT reseller. Work with sales leads provided by company, these will include leads for high margin products and services. Maintain and develop relationships with both new and existing customers. Self Monitor and report on activities and provide relevant management information as and when required within the timescale given. Liaise and attend meetings with other company functions necessary to perform duties and aid business and organisational development. Attend training to develop relevant knowledge and skills. Hours of Work Mon  Thurs:  ****:****  ****:**** Fridays:  ****:****  ****:**** Salary and Benefits Basic  Up to **** depending on experience OTE  Uncapped Commission Up to **** sign up bonus depending on experience. Leading Industry Commission Scheme 22 Days holiday  **** statutory days Private Healthcare  We look after our staff Working with new and emerging technologies You keep your accounts Once you get them, they're yours, we don't move them around or take them from anyone while you are in our employment. Cassual Attire Permitted The company are growing and looking to hire experienced hard working staff and will help them perform to their potential. A friendly, motivational atmosphere makes this a great place to work so come and find your perfect career with us" "['west', 'yorkshire', 'executive', 'requirements', 'years', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'account', 'hitting', 'profit', 'targets', 'consistently', 'base', 'proven', 'relationships', 'motivated', 'determined', 'keen', 'attention', 'detail', 'cold', 'calling', 'account', 'communication', 'telephone', 'background', 'west', 'yorkshire', 'region', 'move', 'commute', 'description', 'vacancies', 'experienced', 'people', 'busy', 'office', 'selling', 'computer', 'related', 'products', 'corporate', 'sme', 'customers', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'accountabilities', 'generate', 'leads', 'researching', 'prospecting', 'cold', 'calling', 'advertising', 'promoting', 'companies', 'status', 'forward', 'thinking', 'reseller', 'leads', 'provided', 'include', 'leads', 'margin', 'products', 'maintain', 'develop', 'relationships', 'existing', 'customers', 'monitor', 'report', 'activities', 'relevant', 'information', 'timescale', 'liaise', 'attend', 'meetings', 'functions', 'perform', 'duties', 'aid', 'organisational', 'attend', 'develop', 'relevant', 'hours', 'mon', 'thurs', 'fridays', 'benefits', 'basic', 'depending', 'ote', 'uncapped', 'commission', 'sign', 'bonus', 'depending', 'industry', 'commission', 'scheme', 'days', 'holiday', 'statutory', 'days', 'private', 'healthcare', 'emerging', 'technologies', 'accounts', 'move', 'employment', 'growing', 'hire', 'experienced', 'hard', 'perform', 'potential', 'friendly', 'motivational', 'atmosphere', 'makes', 'great', 'place', 'find', 'perfect', 'career']" Sales
"Title: Field Sales Engineer (controls amp; automation)
Webindex: 72337118
Company: Support Services Group 
Description: Field Sales Engineer (controls & automation)  NE  ****K (ote)  car The COMPANY Our client is one of the leading suppliers of industrial control and automation products in the UK. The company has expanded by focusing on providing customers with the very best choice of products from leading manufacturers from around the world packaged together with a range of valueadded services. The ROLE The successful External Sales Engineer will be charged with:  The achievement of sales targets in relation to turnover and profitability  Business planning and review meetings.  Proactive telephone canvassing for appointment generation.  Present to various audiences subject matter of products and services.  Demonstration of products.  Effective territory planning in order to maximise customer contact  Liaise with all major suppliers and ensure continual awareness of new and updated products as necessary  Exploiting all opportunities to supply a wider range of products  Work closely with Area Sales Manager on all sales and commercial activities  Coordination of associated company resources from Product Specialists through to National Account Executives.  Preparing quotations and proposals.  Tools of the field include a mobile telephone, car, sample products and catalogues as sales tools. Skills: The CANDIDATE MUST HAVES: A good knowledge of electrical control and automation. Our client is looking for strong Sales Engineers with the following experience:  A good knowledge of electrical control products, ideally gained within a busy sales environment, coupled with excellent customer service skills is essential for this role.  You need to be a hunter as this position. This is not just an Account Management role. Qualifications:  Formal electrical engineering training would be an advantage. ExecEngineers welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. follow us execengineers PROFILE OF EXEC ENGINEERS RECRUITMENT LTD ExecEngineers Ltd recruit for a plethora of permanent, temporary and interim jobs in the Technical Engineering & Manufacturing industries. Our key strengths lie within the Automotive, Aerospace, Chemical / Process, Pharmaceutical, Energy, Oil & Gas, Electronics, Software, Food & Drink, F.M.C.G and Marine markets. We place a broad spectrum of professionals from areas as diverse as design, purchasing, planning, maintenance, production, operations, management, supply chain, software development and hardware engineering. Keywords: controls engineering process automation technical field sales" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00075.txt " Field Sales Engineer (controls amp; automation)" " 72337118" " Support Services Group " " Field Sales Engineer (controls & automation)  NE  ****K (ote)  car The COMPANY Our client is one of the leading suppliers of industrial control and automation products in the UK. The company has expanded by focusing on providing customers with the very best choice of products from leading manufacturers from around the world packaged together with a range of valueadded services. The ROLE The successful External Sales Engineer will be charged with:  The achievement of sales targets in relation to turnover and profitability  Business planning and review meetings.  Proactive telephone canvassing for appointment generation.  Present to various audiences subject matter of products and services.  Demonstration of products.  Effective territory planning in order to maximise customer contact  Liaise with all major suppliers and ensure continual awareness of new and updated products as necessary  Exploiting all opportunities to supply a wider range of products  Work closely with Area Sales Manager on all sales and commercial activities  Coordination of associated company resources from Product Specialists through to National Account Executives.  Preparing quotations and proposals.  Tools of the field include a mobile telephone, car, sample products and catalogues as sales tools. Skills: The CANDIDATE MUST HAVES: A good knowledge of electrical control and automation. Our client is looking for strong Sales Engineers with the following experience:  A good knowledge of electrical control products, ideally gained within a busy sales environment, coupled with excellent customer service skills is essential for this role.  You need to be a hunter as this position. This is not just an Account Management role. Qualifications:  Formal electrical engineering training would be an advantage. ExecEngineers welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. follow us execengineers PROFILE OF EXEC ENGINEERS RECRUITMENT LTD ExecEngineers Ltd recruit for a plethora of permanent, temporary and interim jobs in the Technical Engineering & Manufacturing industries. Our key strengths lie within the Automotive, Aerospace, Chemical / Process, Pharmaceutical, Energy, Oil & Gas, Electronics, Software, Food & Drink, F.M.C.G and Marine markets. We place a broad spectrum of professionals from areas as diverse as design, purchasing, planning, maintenance, production, operations, management, supply chain, software development and hardware engineering. Keywords: controls engineering process automation technical field sales" "['field', 'controls', 'automation', 'ote', 'car', 'suppliers', 'industrial', 'control', 'automation', 'products', 'expanded', 'focusing', 'providing', 'customers', 'choice', 'products', 'manufacturers', 'world', 'range', 'external', 'charged', 'achievement', 'targets', 'relation', 'turnover', 'profitability', 'planning', 'review', 'meetings', 'proactive', 'telephone', 'canvassing', 'appointment', 'generation', 'present', 'audiences', 'subject', 'matter', 'products', 'demonstration', 'products', 'effective', 'territory', 'planning', 'order', 'maximise', 'contact', 'liaise', 'major', 'suppliers', 'continual', 'awareness', 'updated', 'products', 'opportunities', 'supply', 'wider', 'range', 'products', 'closely', 'area', 'commercial', 'activities', 'coordination', 'resources', 'product', 'specialists', 'national', 'account', 'executives', 'preparing', 'quotations', 'proposals', 'tools', 'field', 'include', 'mobile', 'telephone', 'car', 'sample', 'products', 'tools', 'electrical', 'control', 'automation', 'engineers', 'electrical', 'control', 'products', 'ideally', 'gained', 'busy', 'environment', 'coupled', 'essential', 'hunter', 'account', 'qualifications', 'formal', 'electrical', 'advantage', 'execengineers', 'applications', 'candidates', 'ages', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'live', 'follow', 'execengineers', 'profile', 'exec', 'engineers', 'execengineers', 'recruit', 'permanent', 'temporary', 'interim', 'jobs', 'technical', 'manufacturing', 'industries', 'key', 'strengths', 'lie', 'automotive', 'aerospace', 'chemical', 'process', 'pharmaceutical', 'energy', 'oil', 'gas', 'electronics', 'software', 'food', 'drink', 'marine', 'markets', 'place', 'broad', 'spectrum', 'professionals', 'areas', 'diverse', 'purchasing', 'planning', 'maintenance', 'production', 'operations', 'supply', 'chain', 'software', 'hardware', 'keywords', 'controls', 'process', 'automation', 'technical', 'field']" Engineering
"Title: SHIFT MAINTENANCE TECH, CANNOCK  ****K INC SHIFT ALLOWANCE
Webindex: 69966873
Company: Alecto Recruitment
Description: SHIFT MAINTENANCE TECHNICIAN, CANNOCK  ****K INC SHIFT ALLOWANCE Our client, a leading waste management company, has a requirement for an experienced Multi Skilled Maintenance Fitter/Maintenance Technician to join the team at their Anaerobic Digestion plant in Cannock, Staffordshire. As Shift Maintenance Fitter/Maintenance Technician working 4 days on/off alternating, **** hours day/night and reporting to the Plant Supervisor, you ll be responsible for carrying out preventive and reactive electrical and mechanical maintenance on the equipment and servicing activities of the plant, which operates on a twentyfour/seven basis. You ll also be responsible for ensuring health ll need to be educated to a minimum NVQ Level 3 qualification or equivalent in an Electrical discipline and have extensive experience in a Multi Skilled Fitter / Technician / Engineer role, preferably from a water treatment/sewage farm. This is a fantastic opportunity to join one of the UK s largest waste management companies as a Shift Multi Skilled Fitter/Maintenance Technician offering a salary of **** including shift allowance. To apply for this role, please forward a copy of your CV to Mike Buick, ALECTO Recruitment. or call (Apply online only) in strict confidence for further information. Alecto Recruitment Limited is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. If your experience matches please forward your CV immediately. We thank all applicants who respond, but only those short listed will be contacted" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00098.txt " SHIFT MAINTENANCE TECH, CANNOCK  ****K INC SHIFT ALLOWANCE" " 69966873" " Alecto Recruitment" " SHIFT MAINTENANCE TECHNICIAN, CANNOCK  ****K INC SHIFT ALLOWANCE Our client, a leading waste management company, has a requirement for an experienced Multi Skilled Maintenance Fitter/Maintenance Technician to join the team at their Anaerobic Digestion plant in Cannock, Staffordshire. As Shift Maintenance Fitter/Maintenance Technician working 4 days on/off alternating, **** hours day/night and reporting to the Plant Supervisor, you ll be responsible for carrying out preventive and reactive electrical and mechanical maintenance on the equipment and servicing activities of the plant, which operates on a twentyfour/seven basis. You ll also be responsible for ensuring health ll need to be educated to a minimum NVQ Level 3 qualification or equivalent in an Electrical discipline and have extensive experience in a Multi Skilled Fitter / Technician / Engineer role, preferably from a water treatment/sewage farm. This is a fantastic opportunity to join one of the UK s largest waste management companies as a Shift Multi Skilled Fitter/Maintenance Technician offering a salary of **** including shift allowance. To apply for this role, please forward a copy of your CV to Mike Buick, ALECTO Recruitment. or call (Apply online only) in strict confidence for further information. Alecto Recruitment Limited is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. If your experience matches please forward your CV immediately. We thank all applicants who respond, but only those short listed will be contacted" "['shift', 'maintenance', 'technician', 'cannock', 'shift', 'allowance', 'waste', 'requirement', 'experienced', 'multi', 'skilled', 'maintenance', 'fitter', 'maintenance', 'technician', 'plant', 'cannock', 'staffordshire', 'shift', 'maintenance', 'fitter', 'maintenance', 'technician', 'days', 'hours', 'day', 'night', 'reporting', 'plant', 'supervisor', 'll', 'responsible', 'carrying', 'reactive', 'electrical', 'mechanical', 'maintenance', 'equipment', 'servicing', 'activities', 'plant', 'operates', 'twentyfour', 'basis', 'll', 'responsible', 'ensuring', 'health', 'll', 'educated', 'minimum', 'nvq', 'level', 'qualification', 'equivalent', 'electrical', 'discipline', 'extensive', 'multi', 'skilled', 'fitter', 'technician', 'preferably', 'water', 'treatment', 'farm', 'fantastic', 'largest', 'waste', 'companies', 'shift', 'multi', 'skilled', 'fitter', 'maintenance', 'technician', 'offering', 'shift', 'allowance', 'forward', 'copy', 'cv', 'mike', 'alecto', 'call', 'online', 'strict', 'confidence', 'information', 'alecto', 'limited', 'acting', 'employment', 'relation', 'vacancy', 'matches', 'forward', 'cv', 'immediately', 'applicants', 'respond', 'short', 'listed', 'contacted']" Engineering
"Title: Locum Musculoskeletal O/P Physiotherapist Berkshire
Webindex: 72694003
Company: The Placement Group
Description: JustPhysio are currently looking for Band 6 locum physio to work in a musculoskeletal O/P setting for a client of ours based in Berkshire. Start Date: ASAP Duration: 8 weeks Hours of Work: Full Time This role is working for a client based in rural Berkshire although does have very good transport links with accommodation available nearby. The successful applicant must have good MSK O/P experience. The role is to start immediately and will run for at least 8 weeks. We have a large number of physiotherapy vacancies throughout the UK in a variety of clinical areas. You will also have access to the full range of JustPhysio benefits giving you access to thousands of online and in store discounts Free manual handing training, online training and BLS Reimbursed CRB 24 hour service from our friendly consultants Assistance with travel and accommodation Weekly pay  on time, every time Nationwide physiotherapy job opportunities" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00424.txt " Locum Musculoskeletal O/P Physiotherapist Berkshire" " 72694003" " The Placement Group" " JustPhysio are currently looking for Band 6 locum physio to work in a musculoskeletal O/P setting for a client of ours based in Berkshire. Start Date: ASAP Duration: 8 weeks Hours of Work: Full Time This role is working for a client based in rural Berkshire although does have very good transport links with accommodation available nearby. The successful applicant must have good MSK O/P experience. The role is to start immediately and will run for at least 8 weeks. We have a large number of physiotherapy vacancies throughout the UK in a variety of clinical areas. You will also have access to the full range of JustPhysio benefits giving you access to thousands of online and in store discounts Free manual handing training, online training and BLS Reimbursed CRB 24 hour service from our friendly consultants Assistance with travel and accommodation Weekly pay  on time, every time Nationwide physiotherapy job opportunities" "['justphysio', 'band', 'locum', 'physio', 'musculoskeletal', 'setting', 'berkshire', 'start', 'date', 'asap', 'duration', 'weeks', 'hours', 'time', 'rural', 'berkshire', 'transport', 'links', 'accommodation', 'nearby', 'applicant', 'start', 'immediately', 'run', 'weeks', 'large', 'number', 'physiotherapy', 'vacancies', 'variety', 'clinical', 'areas', 'access', 'range', 'justphysio', 'benefits', 'giving', 'access', 'thousands', 'online', 'store', 'discounts', 'free', 'manual', 'handing', 'online', 'bls', 'reimbursed', 'crb', 'hour', 'friendly', 'consultants', 'assistance', 'travel', 'accommodation', 'weekly', 'pay', 'time', 'time', 'nationwide', 'physiotherapy', 'opportunities']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Purchase to Pay with Scandinavian Language
Webindex: 68608928
Company: Recruitment Solutions  Ltd
Description: Our client has a large and established shared service centre in South Manchester which works regularly with offices in Europe including the Scandinavian countries. Their current and urgent requirement is for an immediately available candidate with English and a Scandinavian language to join the very busy Purchase to Pay Division  Service Desk. Our client will look at candidates with less accounting experience provided they are able to demonstrate excellent customer service skills. Exposure to SAP and the ability to work with this system would be extremely advantageous. This is fixed term contract for nine months. Easily accessible by public transport and great offices. We regret that only shortlisted applicants will be contacted." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00379.txt " Purchase to Pay with Scandinavian Language" " 68608928" " Recruitment Solutions  Ltd" " Our client has a large and established shared service centre in South Manchester which works regularly with offices in Europe including the Scandinavian countries. Their current and urgent requirement is for an immediately available candidate with English and a Scandinavian language to join the very busy Purchase to Pay Division  Service Desk. Our client will look at candidates with less accounting experience provided they are able to demonstrate excellent customer service skills. Exposure to SAP and the ability to work with this system would be extremely advantageous. This is fixed term contract for nine months. Easily accessible by public transport and great offices. We regret that only shortlisted applicants will be contacted." "['large', 'established', 'shared', 'centre', 'south', 'manchester', 'works', 'regularly', 'offices', 'europe', 'scandinavian', 'countries', 'current', 'urgent', 'requirement', 'immediately', 'english', 'scandinavian', 'language', 'busy', 'purchase', 'pay', 'division', 'desk', 'candidates', 'accounting', 'provided', 'demonstrate', 'exposure', 'sap', 'system', 'extremely', 'advantageous', 'fixed', 'term', 'contract', 'months', 'easily', 'accessible', 'public', 'transport', 'great', 'offices', 'regret', 'shortlisted', 'applicants', 'contacted']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Business Development Executive
Webindex: 72691163
Company: Finlay James Associates Limited
Description: This is an amazing role for someone who has 35 years sales experience, preferably within the technology sector although this is not essential. My client specialise in managed print services, high value production printers, scanners and copiers. This is a 100% new business role selling in to SME s and bluechip organisations in London, Kent, Surrey and Sussex where you will be expected to generate between ****k  ****k per annum. You should be driven, ambitious and personable with a great track record within sales. There is great potential to over achieve within this role as you will be backed up by a Telesales Support team that is dedicated to generating leads and opportunities for the sales executives. If you are interested please contact me on **** **** **** or felicityapprenticesales.com" 3 data/Sales\Job_00660.txt " Business Development Executive" " 72691163" " Finlay James Associates Limited" " This is an amazing role for someone who has 35 years sales experience, preferably within the technology sector although this is not essential. My client specialise in managed print services, high value production printers, scanners and copiers. This is a 100% new business role selling in to SME s and bluechip organisations in London, Kent, Surrey and Sussex where you will be expected to generate between ****k  ****k per annum. You should be driven, ambitious and personable with a great track record within sales. There is great potential to over achieve within this role as you will be backed up by a Telesales Support team that is dedicated to generating leads and opportunities for the sales executives. If you are interested please contact me on **** **** **** or felicityapprenticesales.com" "['amazing', 'years', 'preferably', 'technology', 'sector', 'essential', 'specialise', 'managed', 'print', 'production', 'printers', 'copiers', 'selling', 'sme', 'bluechip', 'organisations', 'london', 'kent', 'surrey', 'sussex', 'expected', 'generate', 'annum', 'driven', 'ambitious', 'personable', 'great', 'track', 'record', 'great', 'potential', 'achieve', 'backed', 'telesales', 'dedicated', 'generating', 'leads', 'opportunities', 'executives', 'interested', 'contact']" Sales
"Title: Syndicate Accounting Manager
Webindex: 71621313
Company: Insight Recruitment Solutions Ltd
Description: This is an opportunity to work within the finance function of this international insurer. You will be leading a small team of accountants to be responsible for all aspects of Syndicate Accounting, production of ledger information and preparation of management information and regulatory returns. You will an experience qualified Syndicate Accountant, having lead teams and be wanting to work in a high profile role for this leading underwriter." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00409.txt " Syndicate Accounting Manager" " 71621313" " Insight Recruitment Solutions Ltd" " This is an opportunity to work within the finance function of this international insurer. You will be leading a small team of accountants to be responsible for all aspects of Syndicate Accounting, production of ledger information and preparation of management information and regulatory returns. You will an experience qualified Syndicate Accountant, having lead teams and be wanting to work in a high profile role for this leading underwriter." "['finance', 'function', 'international', 'insurer', 'small', 'accountants', 'responsible', 'aspects', 'syndicate', 'accounting', 'production', 'ledger', 'information', 'preparation', 'information', 'regulatory', 'returns', 'qualified', 'syndicate', 'accountant', 'lead', 'teams', 'wanting', 'profile', 'underwriter']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Liquidity Manager AVP
Webindex: 68676602
Description: Work as part of a team reporting into the VicePresident, Liquidity Reporting Analytics, ensuring that the following are delivered by Treasury for the benefit of the group Produce accurate, timely and transparent liquidity reporting for o Internal Stakeholders (e.g. Treasury Committee, FLM Committee, Board of Directors) o External Stakeholders (e.g. FSA, EBA, Rating Agencies) Communicate findings to senior management before final submission to internal / external stakeholders. Manage, maintain and evolve the Firm's liquidity risk appetite and liquidity stress tests Improve processes by upgrading existing tools, updating supporting documentation and leveraging IT teams Change processes / create new processes based on external and internal requests Communicate liquidity polices to global business units and assist them with their liquidity reporting needs Who we re looking for Required Solid work ethic, high levels of motivation and selfstarter qualities Good understanding of financial instruments Proven analytical skills and ability to assimilate and manage large amounts of information Quality interpersonal skills Ability to work under pressure in an dynamic environment High levels of integrity Strong Microsoft excel skills Preferred: Treasury or liquidity Experience Strong control and reporting expertise Accounting qualification (e.g. ACA, ACCA, CIMA) About our client Global Banking Group What s on offer Competitive Package" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00331.txt " Liquidity Manager AVP" " 68676602"  " Work as part of a team reporting into the VicePresident, Liquidity Reporting Analytics, ensuring that the following are delivered by Treasury for the benefit of the group Produce accurate, timely and transparent liquidity reporting for o Internal Stakeholders (e.g. Treasury Committee, FLM Committee, Board of Directors) o External Stakeholders (e.g. FSA, EBA, Rating Agencies) Communicate findings to senior management before final submission to internal / external stakeholders. Manage, maintain and evolve the Firm's liquidity risk appetite and liquidity stress tests Improve processes by upgrading existing tools, updating supporting documentation and leveraging IT teams Change processes / create new processes based on external and internal requests Communicate liquidity polices to global business units and assist them with their liquidity reporting needs Who we re looking for Required Solid work ethic, high levels of motivation and selfstarter qualities Good understanding of financial instruments Proven analytical skills and ability to assimilate and manage large amounts of information Quality interpersonal skills Ability to work under pressure in an dynamic environment High levels of integrity Strong Microsoft excel skills Preferred: Treasury or liquidity Experience Strong control and reporting expertise Accounting qualification (e.g. ACA, ACCA, CIMA) About our client Global Banking Group What s on offer Competitive Package" "['part', 'reporting', 'liquidity', 'reporting', 'analytics', 'ensuring', 'delivered', 'treasury', 'benefit', 'group', 'produce', 'accurate', 'timely', 'transparent', 'liquidity', 'reporting', 'internal', 'stakeholders', 'treasury', 'committee', 'committee', 'board', 'directors', 'external', 'stakeholders', 'fsa', 'rating', 'agencies', 'communicate', 'findings', 'senior', 'final', 'submission', 'internal', 'external', 'stakeholders', 'manage', 'maintain', 'liquidity', 'risk', 'appetite', 'liquidity', 'stress', 'tests', 'improve', 'processes', 'existing', 'tools', 'updating', 'supporting', 'documentation', 'teams', 'change', 'processes', 'create', 'processes', 'external', 'internal', 'requests', 'communicate', 'liquidity', 'global', 'units', 'assist', 'liquidity', 'reporting', 'solid', 'ethic', 'levels', 'motivation', 'selfstarter', 'qualities', 'understanding', 'instruments', 'proven', 'analytical', 'assimilate', 'manage', 'large', 'amounts', 'information', 'quality', 'interpersonal', 'pressure', 'dynamic', 'environment', 'levels', 'integrity', 'microsoft', 'excel', 'preferred', 'treasury', 'liquidity', 'control', 'reporting', 'expertise', 'accounting', 'qualification', 'aca', 'acca', 'cima', 'global', 'banking', 'group', 'offer', 'competitive', 'package']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Registered General Nurse (RGN)  Birmingham
Webindex: 68719557
Company: MSI Nurses LTD
Description: MSI Nurses are currently looking to recruit qualified experienced Registered General Nurses (RGN's) to work in local Hospitals based in Birmingham. We can offer competitive pay rates and have plenty of work available to suit your needs.Job Summary: Assesses patients, plans and implements care  Provides specialist advice and maintains associated records  Carries out specialist nursing procedures  Provides clinical supervision to other staff, students Training and qualifications: Registered on the appropriate part of the NMC register for the assignment  RN (Adult) / RN1/ RN2 AND Relevant post registration course achieved through an Institute of Higher Education (Level 3) as required for the assignment.Experience: 6 months UK experience.Skills and abilities: Able to assess, plan, implement & evaluate specialist nursing care programmes Good interpersonal skills with the ability to relate within the interdisciplinary team and across disciplines and agencies Skills for assessing and interpreting specialist acute and other patient conditions and taking appropriate action. Able to advise patients, relatives Highly effective communication skills (written, nonverbal & verbal). Able to communicate sensitive, condition related information to patients and relatives with empathy and reassurance Able to function effectively as a team member Self motivated, uses own initiative and will make decisions Able to prioritise workload (self and others) and meet deadlines Able to allocate work and provide clinical supervision to other staff and students  Time management and effective delegation skills, IT skills Works well in stressful situations and able to respond effectively to challenging situations Maintains clear and accurate records of assessments made, nursing care and treatment delivered and how effective these have been Ensure all patients and relatives are treated with respect and dignity at all times Able to recognise and work within the limits of own competence and deliver care based on best available evidence or best practiceIf you are a Registered General Nurse (RGN) that meets the criteria above, then please do apply online with a copy of your most recent CV.Alternatively contact Benn Garbutt on **** **** **** or visit www.msirecruitment.com" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00449.txt " Registered General Nurse (RGN)  Birmingham" " 68719557" " MSI Nurses LTD" " MSI Nurses are currently looking to recruit qualified experienced Registered General Nurses (RGN's) to work in local Hospitals based in Birmingham. We can offer competitive pay rates and have plenty of work available to suit your needs.Job Summary: Assesses patients, plans and implements care  Provides specialist advice and maintains associated records  Carries out specialist nursing procedures  Provides clinical supervision to other staff, students Training and qualifications: Registered on the appropriate part of the NMC register for the assignment  RN (Adult) / RN1/ RN2 AND Relevant post registration course achieved through an Institute of Higher Education (Level 3) as required for the assignment.Experience: 6 months UK experience.Skills and abilities: Able to assess, plan, implement & evaluate specialist nursing care programmes Good interpersonal skills with the ability to relate within the interdisciplinary team and across disciplines and agencies Skills for assessing and interpreting specialist acute and other patient conditions and taking appropriate action. Able to advise patients, relatives Highly effective communication skills (written, nonverbal & verbal). Able to communicate sensitive, condition related information to patients and relatives with empathy and reassurance Able to function effectively as a team member Self motivated, uses own initiative and will make decisions Able to prioritise workload (self and others) and meet deadlines Able to allocate work and provide clinical supervision to other staff and students  Time management and effective delegation skills, IT skills Works well in stressful situations and able to respond effectively to challenging situations Maintains clear and accurate records of assessments made, nursing care and treatment delivered and how effective these have been Ensure all patients and relatives are treated with respect and dignity at all times Able to recognise and work within the limits of own competence and deliver care based on best available evidence or best practiceIf you are a Registered General Nurse (RGN) that meets the criteria above, then please do apply online with a copy of your most recent CV.Alternatively contact Benn Garbutt on **** **** **** or visit www.msirecruitment.com" "['msi', 'nurses', 'recruit', 'qualified', 'experienced', 'registered', 'general', 'nurses', ""rgn's"", 'local', 'hospitals', 'birmingham', 'offer', 'competitive', 'pay', 'rates', 'plenty', 'suit', 'summary', 'patients', 'plans', 'implements', 'specialist', 'advice', 'maintains', 'records', 'carries', 'specialist', 'nursing', 'procedures', 'clinical', 'supervision', 'students', 'qualifications', 'registered', 'part', 'nmc', 'register', 'assignment', 'rn', 'adult', 'rn', 'rn', 'relevant', 'post', 'registration', 'achieved', 'institute', 'higher', 'education', 'level', 'assignment', 'months', 'abilities', 'assess', 'plan', 'implement', 'evaluate', 'specialist', 'nursing', 'programmes', 'interpersonal', 'relate', 'disciplines', 'agencies', 'assessing', 'interpreting', 'specialist', 'acute', 'patient', 'conditions', 'taking', 'action', 'advise', 'patients', 'relatives', 'highly', 'effective', 'communication', 'written', 'verbal', 'communicate', 'sensitive', 'condition', 'related', 'information', 'patients', 'relatives', 'empathy', 'reassurance', 'function', 'effectively', 'member', 'motivated', 'initiative', 'make', 'decisions', 'prioritise', 'workload', 'meet', 'deadlines', 'clinical', 'supervision', 'students', 'time', 'effective', 'delegation', 'works', 'stressful', 'situations', 'respond', 'effectively', 'challenging', 'situations', 'maintains', 'clear', 'accurate', 'records', 'assessments', 'made', 'nursing', 'treatment', 'delivered', 'effective', 'patients', 'relatives', 'treated', 'respect', 'dignity', 'times', 'recognise', 'limits', 'competence', 'deliver', 'evidence', 'registered', 'general', 'nurse', 'rgn', 'meets', 'criteria', 'online', 'copy', 'recent', 'cv', 'alternatively', 'contact', 'benn', 'garbutt', 'visit', 'www']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Head of Care Services
Webindex: 56209809
Description: An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Head of Care Services to join a Housing Care and Support organisation based in South East London. Maximum salary ****pa ROLE RESPONSIBILITY Must be able to deliver high standards of service to customers within the Care division Achieve a strong customer focussed culture by leading and inspiring staff Deliver the mission and vision of the organisation Contribute to the organisation decision making and take responsibility for the wider organisational activities Keep up to date with legislation, policy and good practice, regulatory changes and compliance, funding arrangements and safeguarding Lead and provide effective direction, management and motivation for the Care Services team to ensure that operational and strategic objectives are achieved Ensure that risks are identified and managed in relation to Care services and the business generally Deliver an efficient and effective service to residents ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS Graduate calibre and proven care services experience Experience of leading, managing and motivating a team Management experience on leading and developing care services strategy Good communication and presentation skills and the ability to influence employees at all levels and from all disciplines within the organisation Strong networking skills and the ability to challenge perceptions while influencing and building relationships Flexible and focussed on deliverables and the ability to work in a changing environment Resilience and ability to multitask. Demonstrate a consistent ability and drive to achieve challenging targets and overcome obstacles Comprehensive understanding of the issues facing social housing and care services Ability to establish and sustain effective stakeholder relationships Experience of successfully delivering organisational and cultural change Strong customer focus Attendance at meetings outside working hours and to travel as required BENEFITS Contributory pension scheme Enhanced annual leave (above statutory minimum) Support in achieving professional qualifications Employee Assistance programme Season ticket loan Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00432.txt " Head of Care Services" " 56209809"  " An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Head of Care Services to join a Housing Care and Support organisation based in South East London. Maximum salary ****pa ROLE RESPONSIBILITY Must be able to deliver high standards of service to customers within the Care division Achieve a strong customer focussed culture by leading and inspiring staff Deliver the mission and vision of the organisation Contribute to the organisation decision making and take responsibility for the wider organisational activities Keep up to date with legislation, policy and good practice, regulatory changes and compliance, funding arrangements and safeguarding Lead and provide effective direction, management and motivation for the Care Services team to ensure that operational and strategic objectives are achieved Ensure that risks are identified and managed in relation to Care services and the business generally Deliver an efficient and effective service to residents ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS Graduate calibre and proven care services experience Experience of leading, managing and motivating a team Management experience on leading and developing care services strategy Good communication and presentation skills and the ability to influence employees at all levels and from all disciplines within the organisation Strong networking skills and the ability to challenge perceptions while influencing and building relationships Flexible and focussed on deliverables and the ability to work in a changing environment Resilience and ability to multitask. Demonstrate a consistent ability and drive to achieve challenging targets and overcome obstacles Comprehensive understanding of the issues facing social housing and care services Ability to establish and sustain effective stakeholder relationships Experience of successfully delivering organisational and cultural change Strong customer focus Attendance at meetings outside working hours and to travel as required BENEFITS Contributory pension scheme Enhanced annual leave (above statutory minimum) Support in achieving professional qualifications Employee Assistance programme Season ticket loan Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy." "['exciting', 'arisen', 'head', 'housing', 'organisation', 'south', 'east', 'london', 'maximum', 'pa', 'responsibility', 'deliver', 'standards', 'customers', 'division', 'achieve', 'focussed', 'culture', 'inspiring', 'deliver', 'mission', 'vision', 'organisation', 'contribute', 'organisation', 'decision', 'making', 'responsibility', 'wider', 'organisational', 'activities', 'date', 'legislation', 'policy', 'practice', 'regulatory', 'compliance', 'funding', 'arrangements', 'safeguarding', 'lead', 'effective', 'direction', 'motivation', 'operational', 'strategic', 'objectives', 'achieved', 'risks', 'identified', 'managed', 'relation', 'generally', 'deliver', 'efficient', 'effective', 'residents', 'essential', 'requirements', 'graduate', 'calibre', 'proven', 'managing', 'motivating', 'developing', 'strategy', 'communication', 'presentation', 'influence', 'employees', 'levels', 'disciplines', 'organisation', 'networking', 'challenge', 'influencing', 'building', 'relationships', 'flexible', 'focussed', 'deliverables', 'changing', 'environment', 'resilience', 'multitask', 'demonstrate', 'consistent', 'drive', 'achieve', 'challenging', 'targets', 'overcome', 'obstacles', 'comprehensive', 'understanding', 'issues', 'facing', 'social', 'housing', 'establish', 'sustain', 'effective', 'stakeholder', 'relationships', 'successfully', 'delivering', 'organisational', 'cultural', 'change', 'focus', 'attendance', 'meetings', 'hours', 'travel', 'benefits', 'contributory', 'pension', 'scheme', 'enhanced', 'annual', 'leave', 'statutory', 'minimum', 'achieving', 'professional', 'qualifications', 'employee', 'assistance', 'programme', 'season', 'ticket', 'loan', 'eden', 'brown', 'committed', 'equality', 'workplace', 'equal', 'employer', 'eden', 'brown', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'vacancy']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Digital Sales Manager
Webindex: 68553492
Company: Tobias Recruitment Ltd
Description: Sales Manager Required for Central London Based Digital/Web based organisation. Must have proven track record in sales, budgeting, stats, online monitoring of traffic and use of backend functionality. You must be highly computer literate and able to apply your person to person skills in writing and on the telephone. Excellent customer service skills to deal with technical difficulties. After trial period you will be expected to Manage a team of sales executives, monitoring performance and salesforce databases. Occassionaly visiting Clients to secure and negotiate larger contracts. Fluent English, mature approach to work, excellant work ethic, self motivated, highly presentable." 3 data/Sales\Job_00710.txt " Digital Sales Manager" " 68553492" " Tobias Recruitment Ltd" " Sales Manager Required for Central London Based Digital/Web based organisation. Must have proven track record in sales, budgeting, stats, online monitoring of traffic and use of backend functionality. You must be highly computer literate and able to apply your person to person skills in writing and on the telephone. Excellent customer service skills to deal with technical difficulties. After trial period you will be expected to Manage a team of sales executives, monitoring performance and salesforce databases. Occassionaly visiting Clients to secure and negotiate larger contracts. Fluent English, mature approach to work, excellant work ethic, self motivated, highly presentable." "['central', 'london', 'digital', 'web', 'organisation', 'proven', 'track', 'record', 'budgeting', 'online', 'monitoring', 'traffic', 'backend', 'functionality', 'highly', 'computer', 'literate', 'person', 'person', 'writing', 'telephone', 'deal', 'technical', 'difficulties', 'trial', 'period', 'expected', 'manage', 'executives', 'monitoring', 'performance', 'salesforce', 'databases', 'visiting', 'secure', 'negotiate', 'larger', 'contracts', 'fluent', 'english', 'mature', 'approach', 'ethic', 'motivated', 'highly', 'presentable']" Sales
"Title: Assistant Management Accountant
Webindex: 67099419
Company: Eden Scott
Description: Eden Scott are currently recruiting for a Global Organisation who have a large finance function in Glasgow City Centre. You will report into the Senior Management Accountant, providing transactional and analytical support. This is an excellent opportunity for someone actively studying ACCA/CIMA or for those candidates looking to commence study but has a minimum of 18 months experience in a similar role. You will be the key point of contact for budget holders, providing full support for quarterly forecasting, month end adjustments, accruals, journals and assist with any variances. You will be fully supported by an experienced team as well as having a development plan to help you progress with your studies. An existing knowledge of Management and Financial Accounting is a must, as well as having strong analytical experience and the ability to compile financial reports. You must have the ability to work under pressure, demonstrate attention to detail and have the focus and tenacity to be a problem solver. In return the business will offer competitive salary, study support, flexible working hours within a primary location." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00347.txt " Assistant Management Accountant" " 67099419" " Eden Scott" " Eden Scott are currently recruiting for a Global Organisation who have a large finance function in Glasgow City Centre. You will report into the Senior Management Accountant, providing transactional and analytical support. This is an excellent opportunity for someone actively studying ACCA/CIMA or for those candidates looking to commence study but has a minimum of 18 months experience in a similar role. You will be the key point of contact for budget holders, providing full support for quarterly forecasting, month end adjustments, accruals, journals and assist with any variances. You will be fully supported by an experienced team as well as having a development plan to help you progress with your studies. An existing knowledge of Management and Financial Accounting is a must, as well as having strong analytical experience and the ability to compile financial reports. You must have the ability to work under pressure, demonstrate attention to detail and have the focus and tenacity to be a problem solver. In return the business will offer competitive salary, study support, flexible working hours within a primary location." "['eden', 'scott', 'recruiting', 'global', 'organisation', 'large', 'finance', 'function', 'glasgow', 'city', 'centre', 'report', 'senior', 'accountant', 'providing', 'transactional', 'analytical', 'actively', 'studying', 'acca', 'cima', 'candidates', 'commence', 'study', 'minimum', 'months', 'similar', 'key', 'point', 'contact', 'budget', 'holders', 'providing', 'quarterly', 'forecasting', 'month', 'end', 'adjustments', 'accruals', 'journals', 'assist', 'variances', 'fully', 'supported', 'experienced', 'plan', 'progress', 'studies', 'existing', 'accounting', 'analytical', 'compile', 'reports', 'pressure', 'demonstrate', 'attention', 'detail', 'focus', 'tenacity', 'problem', 'return', 'offer', 'competitive', 'study', 'flexible', 'hours', 'primary', 'location']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Financial Accounting Manager
Webindex: 71393784
Company: Sheridan Maine Recruitment Limited
Description: A growing dynamic business based near Basingstoke is recruiting a Financial Accounting Manager to take responsibility for all the statutory and group financial reporting requirements of the business. Key responsibilities include reporting of year end results, statutory accounts preparation, external reporting, managing and coordinating audit processes, providing technical accounting advice and support to the business, process improvement work and team management and motivation. To be successful in this high profile role the candidate should be a technically strong qualified accountant with up to date technical skills gained in a plc or big 4 environment. The role would suit someone who is either currently working in industry doing a similar role or at Manager level in practice looking to make a first move. Sm  Agy Candidates must be eligible to work in the UK full time without restriction. Due to the high volume of applications we receive it is not always possible to respond to unsuccessful applicants. Therefore if we have not responded to your application within five days please note that on this occasion your application has not been successful." 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00304.txt " Financial Accounting Manager" " 71393784" " Sheridan Maine Recruitment Limited" " A growing dynamic business based near Basingstoke is recruiting a Financial Accounting Manager to take responsibility for all the statutory and group financial reporting requirements of the business. Key responsibilities include reporting of year end results, statutory accounts preparation, external reporting, managing and coordinating audit processes, providing technical accounting advice and support to the business, process improvement work and team management and motivation. To be successful in this high profile role the candidate should be a technically strong qualified accountant with up to date technical skills gained in a plc or big 4 environment. The role would suit someone who is either currently working in industry doing a similar role or at Manager level in practice looking to make a first move. Sm  Agy Candidates must be eligible to work in the UK full time without restriction. Due to the high volume of applications we receive it is not always possible to respond to unsuccessful applicants. Therefore if we have not responded to your application within five days please note that on this occasion your application has not been successful." "['growing', 'dynamic', 'basingstoke', 'recruiting', 'accounting', 'responsibility', 'statutory', 'group', 'reporting', 'requirements', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'include', 'reporting', 'year', 'end', 'results', 'statutory', 'accounts', 'preparation', 'external', 'reporting', 'managing', 'coordinating', 'audit', 'processes', 'providing', 'technical', 'accounting', 'advice', 'process', 'improvement', 'motivation', 'profile', 'technically', 'qualified', 'accountant', 'date', 'technical', 'gained', 'plc', 'big', 'environment', 'suit', 'industry', 'similar', 'level', 'practice', 'make', 'move', 'sm', 'agy', 'candidates', 'eligible', 'time', 'restriction', 'due', 'volume', 'applications', 'receive', 'respond', 'unsuccessful', 'applicants', 'responded', 'application', 'days', 'note', 'occasion', 'application']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Associate Publication Manager
Webindex: 71233429
Company: Head Office
Description: Associate Publication Manager Location: London Job type: Permanent Remuneration: **** to ****  full benefits package Due to new business wins and continued expansion, this leading full service medical communications agency with offices across Europe and the US is now looking to hire a talented individual looking for their first role in the medical communications/writing field. A rare opportunity to join a professional organisation that offers a very robust training and development plan, as well as working with a Director who is globally recognised as a leader in the publications field and highly published. Working with a variety of clients across a variety of exciting therapeutic areas, this is a fantastic chance to learn medical writing skills and be trained by firstclass staff. Key Responsibilities and Requirements: Responsible for performing background literature research and the subsequent preparation of highquality, medically accurate documents, across a range of publication plans in differing therapy areas, addressing different target audiences through peerreviewed literature. Once embedded into the role you will have the opportunities to travel to congress meetings and symposia  aiding with literature/material production. Opportunity to broaden your horizons by working in an international and multicultural dynamic organisation, with structured monthly training programs, and the development of your scientific, marketing and communication skills, with welleducated and dedicated colleagues. Candidate Requirements: Ability to rapidly learn and apply knowledge in previously unfamiliar therapy areas PhD in life sciences (or relevant work experience plus a bioscience degree) Excellent command of the English language and outstanding writing and communication skills Exceptional attention to detail. Knowledge of the pharmaceutical and healthcare industries, with understanding of code of practice guidelines for medical copy/copyright issues. Experience of working in a fastpaced, highly pressurised environment to tight deadlines, and prioritising multiple projects/tasks through to completion. Positive outlook with a creative and innovative mindset. Excellent IT skills including MS Office package, internet and databases. If this opportunity is of interest please do contact me for further details. Sarah Goddard UK Recruitment Director **** or **** **** sarahclinicalprofessionals.co.uk Medical writer writing executive associate project management publishing publisher medical education PhD peer review medical communications agency consultancy healthcare pharmaceutical copyright editing editorial abstracts papers posters scientific medical copy education literature design print materials London M4 corridor Berkshire Surrey Oxfordshire Buckinghamshire Thames Valley home counties Hampshire sussex greater London essex kent Middlesex hertfordshire" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00538.txt " Associate Publication Manager" " 71233429" " Head Office" " Associate Publication Manager Location: London Job type: Permanent Remuneration: **** to ****  full benefits package Due to new business wins and continued expansion, this leading full service medical communications agency with offices across Europe and the US is now looking to hire a talented individual looking for their first role in the medical communications/writing field. A rare opportunity to join a professional organisation that offers a very robust training and development plan, as well as working with a Director who is globally recognised as a leader in the publications field and highly published. Working with a variety of clients across a variety of exciting therapeutic areas, this is a fantastic chance to learn medical writing skills and be trained by firstclass staff. Key Responsibilities and Requirements: Responsible for performing background literature research and the subsequent preparation of highquality, medically accurate documents, across a range of publication plans in differing therapy areas, addressing different target audiences through peerreviewed literature. Once embedded into the role you will have the opportunities to travel to congress meetings and symposia  aiding with literature/material production. Opportunity to broaden your horizons by working in an international and multicultural dynamic organisation, with structured monthly training programs, and the development of your scientific, marketing and communication skills, with welleducated and dedicated colleagues. Candidate Requirements: Ability to rapidly learn and apply knowledge in previously unfamiliar therapy areas PhD in life sciences (or relevant work experience plus a bioscience degree) Excellent command of the English language and outstanding writing and communication skills Exceptional attention to detail. Knowledge of the pharmaceutical and healthcare industries, with understanding of code of practice guidelines for medical copy/copyright issues. Experience of working in a fastpaced, highly pressurised environment to tight deadlines, and prioritising multiple projects/tasks through to completion. Positive outlook with a creative and innovative mindset. Excellent IT skills including MS Office package, internet and databases. If this opportunity is of interest please do contact me for further details. Sarah Goddard UK Recruitment Director **** or **** **** sarahclinicalprofessionals.co.uk Medical writer writing executive associate project management publishing publisher medical education PhD peer review medical communications agency consultancy healthcare pharmaceutical copyright editing editorial abstracts papers posters scientific medical copy education literature design print materials London M4 corridor Berkshire Surrey Oxfordshire Buckinghamshire Thames Valley home counties Hampshire sussex greater London essex kent Middlesex hertfordshire" "['associate', 'publication', 'location', 'london', 'type', 'permanent', 'remuneration', 'benefits', 'package', 'due', 'wins', 'continued', 'expansion', 'medical', 'communications', 'agency', 'offices', 'europe', 'hire', 'talented', 'individual', 'medical', 'communications', 'writing', 'field', 'rare', 'professional', 'organisation', 'offers', 'robust', 'plan', 'director', 'globally', 'recognised', 'leader', 'publications', 'field', 'highly', 'published', 'variety', 'variety', 'exciting', 'therapeutic', 'areas', 'fantastic', 'chance', 'learn', 'medical', 'writing', 'trained', 'firstclass', 'key', 'responsibilities', 'requirements', 'responsible', 'performing', 'background', 'literature', 'research', 'subsequent', 'preparation', 'highquality', 'accurate', 'documents', 'range', 'publication', 'plans', 'therapy', 'areas', 'addressing', 'target', 'audiences', 'literature', 'embedded', 'opportunities', 'travel', 'meetings', 'literature', 'material', 'production', 'broaden', 'horizons', 'international', 'dynamic', 'organisation', 'structured', 'monthly', 'programs', 'scientific', 'marketing', 'communication', 'dedicated', 'colleagues', 'requirements', 'rapidly', 'learn', 'previously', 'therapy', 'areas', 'phd', 'life', 'sciences', 'relevant', 'degree', 'command', 'english', 'language', 'outstanding', 'writing', 'communication', 'exceptional', 'attention', 'detail', 'pharmaceutical', 'healthcare', 'industries', 'understanding', 'code', 'practice', 'guidelines', 'medical', 'copy', 'copyright', 'issues', 'fastpaced', 'highly', 'pressurised', 'environment', 'tight', 'deadlines', 'prioritising', 'multiple', 'projects', 'tasks', 'completion', 'positive', 'outlook', 'creative', 'innovative', 'ms', 'office', 'package', 'internet', 'databases', 'interest', 'contact', 'details', 'sarah', 'director', 'medical', 'writing', 'executive', 'associate', 'project', 'publishing', 'publisher', 'medical', 'education', 'phd', 'peer', 'review', 'medical', 'communications', 'agency', 'consultancy', 'healthcare', 'pharmaceutical', 'copyright', 'editing', 'editorial', 'papers', 'scientific', 'medical', 'copy', 'education', 'literature', 'print', 'materials', 'london', 'corridor', 'berkshire', 'surrey', 'oxfordshire', 'buckinghamshire', 'thames', 'valley', 'counties', 'hampshire', 'sussex', 'greater', 'london', 'essex', 'kent', 'middlesex', 'hertfordshire']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: SHOP SALES ASSISTANT
Webindex: 69147324
Company: Harry Edwards Healing Sanctuary Ltd.
Description: The Harry Edwards Healing Sanctuary, based in Shere, requires a shop assistant for 20 hours per week and it will require some flexibility from the successful candidate. Main Duties: **** Despatch all sales received from our clients as soon as practicably possible. 2. Keep stock holdings up to an agreed level by ordering from our approved suppliers. 3. Maintain a monthly stock holdings spreadsheet and forward it to the Operations Manager and Finance Manager at the end of each month. **** Update each client’s database record with each sale received. **** Ensure than all monies received through the shop sales are accounted for in accordance with the instructions of the Finance Manager. 6. Man the shop at all Charity events in accordance with the instructions of the Operations Manager. **** Assist in all Trading Company events according to the needs of the Operations Manager. Salary: **** per hour Please send a CV with a covering letter to: Operations Manager, Harry Edwards Healing Sanctuary, Hook Lane, Shere, GU**** ****QG" 3 data/Sales\Job_00678.txt " SHOP SALES ASSISTANT" " 69147324" " Harry Edwards Healing Sanctuary Ltd." " The Harry Edwards Healing Sanctuary, based in Shere, requires a shop assistant for 20 hours per week and it will require some flexibility from the successful candidate. Main Duties: **** Despatch all sales received from our clients as soon as practicably possible. 2. Keep stock holdings up to an agreed level by ordering from our approved suppliers. 3. Maintain a monthly stock holdings spreadsheet and forward it to the Operations Manager and Finance Manager at the end of each month. **** Update each client’s database record with each sale received. **** Ensure than all monies received through the shop sales are accounted for in accordance with the instructions of the Finance Manager. 6. Man the shop at all Charity events in accordance with the instructions of the Operations Manager. **** Assist in all Trading Company events according to the needs of the Operations Manager. Salary: **** per hour Please send a CV with a covering letter to: Operations Manager, Harry Edwards Healing Sanctuary, Hook Lane, Shere, GU**** ****QG" "['harry', 'edwards', 'healing', 'sanctuary', 'shere', 'requires', 'shop', 'assistant', 'hours', 'week', 'require', 'flexibility', 'main', 'duties', 'received', 'stock', 'holdings', 'agreed', 'level', 'ordering', 'approved', 'suppliers', 'maintain', 'monthly', 'stock', 'holdings', 'spreadsheet', 'forward', 'operations', 'finance', 'end', 'month', 'update', 'database', 'record', 'sale', 'received', 'monies', 'received', 'shop', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'finance', 'man', 'shop', 'charity', 'events', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'operations', 'assist', 'trading', 'events', 'operations', 'hour', 'send', 'cv', 'covering', 'letter', 'operations', 'harry', 'edwards', 'healing', 'sanctuary', 'hook', 'shere']" Sales
"Title: Export Sales Executive (French & German Fluency)
Webindex: 68687567
Company: Next Recruitment Ltd
Description: Previous experience in a similar role is essential as well as French German fluency: Export Sales Executive for French German Distribution Responsible for the performance and development of the French German distribution Markets. Responsible for the development of the two areas through bringing on board new distribution customers in the French German areas, through prospecting cold calling. Attains sales goals and profitability through following the Export sales strategy. Maintain discipline, focus and drive within the Export sales team. Reporting to the Assistant Export Manager in a timely manner on the performance of French German distribution. To complete daily KPI’S and call plans issued by the Assistant Export Manager / and Export sales Manager. To develop the sales areas through arranging and completing on site customer visits To develop the sales areas through arranging and completing off site visits at the customers / potential customers locations. To assist the Assistant Export sales Manager and to provide cover to the Export sales department when required Targets To hit and exceed the French German distribution sales target. To hit and exceed the KPI’S set for the French German distribution area. EDUCATION / EXPERIENCE REQUIRED Previous sales experience Maths and English GCSE or equivalent Graduate German and French speaking Skills / Attributes Required Selling background within manufacturing / engineering industry Articulate Confident personable manner Knowledge of the fastener industry is advantageous This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ExportSalesExecutiveFrenchGermanFluency_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00762.txt " Export Sales Executive (French & German Fluency)" " 68687567" " Next Recruitment Ltd" " Previous experience in a similar role is essential as well as French German fluency: Export Sales Executive for French German Distribution Responsible for the performance and development of the French German distribution Markets. Responsible for the development of the two areas through bringing on board new distribution customers in the French German areas, through prospecting cold calling. Attains sales goals and profitability through following the Export sales strategy. Maintain discipline, focus and drive within the Export sales team. Reporting to the Assistant Export Manager in a timely manner on the performance of French German distribution. To complete daily KPI’S and call plans issued by the Assistant Export Manager / and Export sales Manager. To develop the sales areas through arranging and completing on site customer visits To develop the sales areas through arranging and completing off site visits at the customers / potential customers locations. To assist the Assistant Export sales Manager and to provide cover to the Export sales department when required Targets To hit and exceed the French German distribution sales target. To hit and exceed the KPI’S set for the French German distribution area. EDUCATION / EXPERIENCE REQUIRED Previous sales experience Maths and English GCSE or equivalent Graduate German and French speaking Skills / Attributes Required Selling background within manufacturing / engineering industry Articulate Confident personable manner Knowledge of the fastener industry is advantageous This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ExportSalesExecutiveFrenchGermanFluency_job****" "['previous', 'similar', 'essential', 'french', 'german', 'fluency', 'export', 'executive', 'french', 'german', 'distribution', 'responsible', 'performance', 'french', 'german', 'distribution', 'markets', 'responsible', 'areas', 'bringing', 'board', 'distribution', 'customers', 'french', 'german', 'areas', 'prospecting', 'cold', 'calling', 'goals', 'profitability', 'export', 'strategy', 'maintain', 'discipline', 'focus', 'drive', 'export', 'reporting', 'assistant', 'export', 'timely', 'manner', 'performance', 'french', 'german', 'distribution', 'complete', 'daily', 'kpi', 'call', 'plans', 'issued', 'assistant', 'export', 'export', 'develop', 'areas', 'arranging', 'completing', 'site', 'visits', 'develop', 'areas', 'arranging', 'completing', 'site', 'visits', 'customers', 'potential', 'customers', 'locations', 'assist', 'assistant', 'export', 'cover', 'export', 'department', 'targets', 'hit', 'exceed', 'french', 'german', 'distribution', 'target', 'hit', 'exceed', 'kpi', 'set', 'french', 'german', 'distribution', 'area', 'education', 'previous', 'maths', 'english', 'gcse', 'equivalent', 'graduate', 'german', 'french', 'speaking', 'attributes', 'selling', 'background', 'manufacturing', 'industry', 'articulate', 'confident', 'personable', 'manner', 'industry', 'advantageous', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Associate Consultant  London
Webindex: 68677615
Company: Astbury Marsden & Partners Limited
Description: Associate Consultant  London With continuous growth and demand in the market we're continually seeking ambitious and driven individuals to join our Associate Consultant Programme in London (Trainee Recruitment Consultant). We offer extensive and unique training which allows you to approach the market in a professional and consultative manner, while creating a successful and progressive career. With over a fifteen year track record of success, relationships with the most impressive clients in the Investment Banking community and continued international growth, Astbury Marsden is going from strength to strength. Established in 1995, we now employ around sixty people in London, Hong Kong and Singapore. We've come a long way but we still have a lot to achieve; our mission is to be the leading recruitment firm delivering mid to senior level talent to banking, financial services and specialist markets across Europe and Asia. To support our ongoing expansion we are ready to hire our next intake of Associate Consultants for Singapore. Of graduate calibre, you will be highly ambitious and motivated to develop a long term career in the recruitment industry. You will be able to demonstrate success in your career to date and be prepared to get to the top in a targeted sales environment. In return you will benefit from our awardwinning training that encapsulates sales, recruitment and the financial markets, have the opportunity to join a marketleading employer and earn an impressive amount of money. For more information please contact our Senior Talent Acquisition Consultant Eve Jackson on **** **** **** or email Eve.jacksonastburymarsden.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AssociateConsultantLondon_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00406.txt " Associate Consultant  London" " 68677615" " Astbury Marsden & Partners Limited" " Associate Consultant  London With continuous growth and demand in the market we're continually seeking ambitious and driven individuals to join our Associate Consultant Programme in London (Trainee Recruitment Consultant). We offer extensive and unique training which allows you to approach the market in a professional and consultative manner, while creating a successful and progressive career. With over a fifteen year track record of success, relationships with the most impressive clients in the Investment Banking community and continued international growth, Astbury Marsden is going from strength to strength. Established in 1995, we now employ around sixty people in London, Hong Kong and Singapore. We've come a long way but we still have a lot to achieve; our mission is to be the leading recruitment firm delivering mid to senior level talent to banking, financial services and specialist markets across Europe and Asia. To support our ongoing expansion we are ready to hire our next intake of Associate Consultants for Singapore. Of graduate calibre, you will be highly ambitious and motivated to develop a long term career in the recruitment industry. You will be able to demonstrate success in your career to date and be prepared to get to the top in a targeted sales environment. In return you will benefit from our awardwinning training that encapsulates sales, recruitment and the financial markets, have the opportunity to join a marketleading employer and earn an impressive amount of money. For more information please contact our Senior Talent Acquisition Consultant Eve Jackson on **** **** **** or email Eve.jacksonastburymarsden.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AssociateConsultantLondon_job****" "['associate', 'consultant', 'london', 'continuous', 'growth', 'demand', 'market', 'continually', 'seeking', 'ambitious', 'driven', 'individuals', 'associate', 'consultant', 'programme', 'london', 'trainee', 'consultant', 'offer', 'extensive', 'unique', 'approach', 'market', 'professional', 'consultative', 'manner', 'creating', 'progressive', 'career', 'year', 'track', 'record', 'success', 'relationships', 'impressive', 'investment', 'banking', 'community', 'continued', 'international', 'growth', 'marsden', 'strength', 'strength', 'established', 'employ', 'people', 'london', 'singapore', 'long', 'lot', 'achieve', 'mission', 'firm', 'delivering', 'mid', 'senior', 'level', 'talent', 'banking', 'specialist', 'markets', 'europe', 'asia', 'ongoing', 'expansion', 'ready', 'hire', 'intake', 'associate', 'consultants', 'singapore', 'graduate', 'calibre', 'highly', 'ambitious', 'motivated', 'develop', 'long', 'term', 'career', 'industry', 'demonstrate', 'success', 'career', 'date', 'prepared', 'top', 'targeted', 'environment', 'return', 'benefit', 'awardwinning', 'encapsulates', 'markets', 'marketleading', 'employer', 'earn', 'impressive', 'amount', 'money', 'information', 'contact', 'senior', 'talent', 'acquisition', 'consultant', 'eve', 'email', 'eve', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Claims Inspector  Flooring
Webindex: 69930907
Company: Eden Brown
Description: A Claims Inspector is required for this company providing a seamless and complete validation/restoration and replacement service for the insurance industry. This is a field position  based from home and covering a geographical area that is set by the head office covering regions in the surrounding post codes of your locality. The work consists of assessing damage to floorcoverings (carpets, woods, ceramics etc), estimating and planning the areas and costing the products for replacement. Retail or industry experience is essential (you may for example come from a carpet sales/fitting background). Training will be given on procedures, report writing etc. Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00319.txt " Claims Inspector  Flooring" " 69930907" " Eden Brown" " A Claims Inspector is required for this company providing a seamless and complete validation/restoration and replacement service for the insurance industry. This is a field position  based from home and covering a geographical area that is set by the head office covering regions in the surrounding post codes of your locality. The work consists of assessing damage to floorcoverings (carpets, woods, ceramics etc), estimating and planning the areas and costing the products for replacement. Retail or industry experience is essential (you may for example come from a carpet sales/fitting background). Training will be given on procedures, report writing etc. Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy" "['claims', 'inspector', 'providing', 'seamless', 'complete', 'validation', 'restoration', 'replacement', 'insurance', 'industry', 'field', 'covering', 'geographical', 'area', 'set', 'head', 'office', 'covering', 'regions', 'surrounding', 'post', 'codes', 'locality', 'consists', 'assessing', 'damage', 'carpets', 'estimating', 'planning', 'areas', 'costing', 'products', 'replacement', 'retail', 'industry', 'essential', 'carpet', 'fitting', 'background', 'procedures', 'report', 'writing', 'eden', 'brown', 'committed', 'equality', 'workplace', 'equal', 'employer', 'eden', 'brown', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'vacancy']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Care Worker (Community) Ref: DCC/****/****
Webindex: 69768322
Company: Derbyshire County Council
Description: The reablement team for Bolsover South, Shirebrook, Langwith, Glapwell, South Normanton and surrounding villages are recruiting to a Care Worker (Community) post. The role will include helping vulnerable people to achieve their maximum independence by supporting with personal care to meet physical, social, emotional and spiritual needs to enable people to remain in their own homes by offering a quality service. Full training will be provided. Enhanced CRB check required, expense met by employer. Hours of work are **** per week." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00552.txt " Care Worker (Community) Ref: DCC/****/****" " 69768322" " Derbyshire County Council" " The reablement team for Bolsover South, Shirebrook, Langwith, Glapwell, South Normanton and surrounding villages are recruiting to a Care Worker (Community) post. The role will include helping vulnerable people to achieve their maximum independence by supporting with personal care to meet physical, social, emotional and spiritual needs to enable people to remain in their own homes by offering a quality service. Full training will be provided. Enhanced CRB check required, expense met by employer. Hours of work are **** per week." "['reablement', 'south', 'south', 'surrounding', 'recruiting', 'worker', 'community', 'post', 'include', 'helping', 'vulnerable', 'people', 'achieve', 'maximum', 'independence', 'supporting', 'personal', 'meet', 'physical', 'social', 'emotional', 'spiritual', 'enable', 'people', 'remain', 'homes', 'offering', 'quality', 'provided', 'enhanced', 'crb', 'check', 'expense', 'met', 'employer', 'hours', 'week']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Staff Nurse, Nursing Home, Thetford  Thetford
Webindex: 72184029
Company: White Recruitment Limited
Description: Staff Nurse, Nursing Home, Thetford White Recruitment is currently looking for a Registered Nurse (RGN) with a naturally caring nature for a large sized nursing home in Thetford. As well as good care quality reports, the home boasts a comforting and caring atmosphere for the elderly and mentally infirm patients that it accommodates. My client is one of the leading companies in this provision of patient orientated care and they are looking for outstanding clinicians to join their ever expanding organisation Your role will include: **** hours/week   days (3 shifts) Supervision and management of all care staff on your shift Respond to incidents in a professional and appropriate manor Assess clients  care needs, and provide direct nursing care when required Maintain accurate, individualised care plans for each client Establish and maintain good communication with clients, relatives and colleagues The Candidate: Must be a qualified Registered General Nurse Must have at least 1 years experience working with elderly clients Experience of working with dementia patients, ideal but not essential Must be able to work on your own initiative and as part of a team Ability to communicate effectively Must have an active NMC Pin Number Must be able to complete an enhanced CRB check Salary: up to ****k per annum or up to **** per hour dependent on experience If your experience matches please forward your CV immediately White Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00487.txt " Staff Nurse, Nursing Home, Thetford  Thetford" " 72184029" " White Recruitment Limited" " Staff Nurse, Nursing Home, Thetford White Recruitment is currently looking for a Registered Nurse (RGN) with a naturally caring nature for a large sized nursing home in Thetford. As well as good care quality reports, the home boasts a comforting and caring atmosphere for the elderly and mentally infirm patients that it accommodates. My client is one of the leading companies in this provision of patient orientated care and they are looking for outstanding clinicians to join their ever expanding organisation Your role will include: **** hours/week   days (3 shifts) Supervision and management of all care staff on your shift Respond to incidents in a professional and appropriate manor Assess clients  care needs, and provide direct nursing care when required Maintain accurate, individualised care plans for each client Establish and maintain good communication with clients, relatives and colleagues The Candidate: Must be a qualified Registered General Nurse Must have at least 1 years experience working with elderly clients Experience of working with dementia patients, ideal but not essential Must be able to work on your own initiative and as part of a team Ability to communicate effectively Must have an active NMC Pin Number Must be able to complete an enhanced CRB check Salary: up to ****k per annum or up to **** per hour dependent on experience If your experience matches please forward your CV immediately White Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy" "['nurse', 'nursing', 'thetford', 'white', 'registered', 'nurse', 'rgn', 'naturally', 'caring', 'nature', 'large', 'sized', 'nursing', 'thetford', 'quality', 'reports', 'boasts', 'comforting', 'caring', 'atmosphere', 'elderly', 'mentally', 'infirm', 'patients', 'accommodates', 'companies', 'provision', 'patient', 'orientated', 'outstanding', 'clinicians', 'expanding', 'organisation', 'include', 'hours', 'week', 'days', 'shifts', 'supervision', 'shift', 'respond', 'incidents', 'professional', 'manor', 'assess', 'direct', 'nursing', 'maintain', 'accurate', 'individualised', 'plans', 'establish', 'maintain', 'communication', 'relatives', 'colleagues', 'qualified', 'registered', 'general', 'nurse', 'years', 'elderly', 'dementia', 'patients', 'ideal', 'essential', 'initiative', 'part', 'communicate', 'effectively', 'active', 'nmc', 'pin', 'number', 'complete', 'enhanced', 'crb', 'check', 'annum', 'hour', 'dependent', 'matches', 'forward', 'cv', 'immediately', 'white', 'acting', 'employment', 'agency', 'relation', 'vacancy']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Internal Sales Account Manager
Webindex: 68258658
Company: INTERACTION RECRUITMENT
Description: Internal Sales Account Manager Wakefield ****  **** per annum (dependent on experience) Our client based in Wakefield are currently looking to recruit an Internal Sales Account Manager to join their busy team. Focusing on offering a great product and service to end user client throughout the UK, our client is desiring some form of telesales experience stemmed ideally from a business to business environment. The role will see you supporting a small account of existing business, whilst identifying new business opportunities for immediate or pipeline business. Additionally you will be expected to produce your own administration to support the development of your own customer base including the creation of your own quotes and business proposals, direct marketing and response to own emails. In return you could earn between ****k  ****k OTE in your first year and be part of a great working environment. To be considered for this opportunity, my client is ideally seeking:  **** GCSE's or equivalent including Maths and English ( Grade C or above)  Previous sales experience  ideally stemmed from a business to business discipline, other disciplines may be considered  Ability to work to deadlines and targets  Able to build rapport and trust with end user clients  Available to attend initial telephone screening. If this permanent vacancy sounds like you, please send your CV today. Interaction Recruitment are advertising this vacancy as an employment agency. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/InternalSalesAccountManager_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00706.txt " Internal Sales Account Manager" " 68258658" " INTERACTION RECRUITMENT" " Internal Sales Account Manager Wakefield ****  **** per annum (dependent on experience) Our client based in Wakefield are currently looking to recruit an Internal Sales Account Manager to join their busy team. Focusing on offering a great product and service to end user client throughout the UK, our client is desiring some form of telesales experience stemmed ideally from a business to business environment. The role will see you supporting a small account of existing business, whilst identifying new business opportunities for immediate or pipeline business. Additionally you will be expected to produce your own administration to support the development of your own customer base including the creation of your own quotes and business proposals, direct marketing and response to own emails. In return you could earn between ****k  ****k OTE in your first year and be part of a great working environment. To be considered for this opportunity, my client is ideally seeking:  **** GCSE's or equivalent including Maths and English ( Grade C or above)  Previous sales experience  ideally stemmed from a business to business discipline, other disciplines may be considered  Ability to work to deadlines and targets  Able to build rapport and trust with end user clients  Available to attend initial telephone screening. If this permanent vacancy sounds like you, please send your CV today. Interaction Recruitment are advertising this vacancy as an employment agency. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/InternalSalesAccountManager_job****" "['internal', 'account', 'wakefield', 'annum', 'dependent', 'wakefield', 'recruit', 'internal', 'account', 'busy', 'focusing', 'offering', 'great', 'product', 'end', 'user', 'form', 'telesales', 'stemmed', 'ideally', 'environment', 'supporting', 'small', 'account', 'existing', 'whilst', 'identifying', 'opportunities', 'pipeline', 'additionally', 'expected', 'produce', 'administration', 'base', 'creation', 'quotes', 'proposals', 'direct', 'marketing', 'response', 'emails', 'return', 'earn', 'ote', 'year', 'part', 'great', 'environment', 'considered', 'ideally', 'seeking', ""gcse's"", 'equivalent', 'maths', 'english', 'grade', 'previous', 'ideally', 'stemmed', 'discipline', 'disciplines', 'considered', 'deadlines', 'targets', 'build', 'rapport', 'trust', 'end', 'user', 'attend', 'initial', 'telephone', 'screening', 'permanent', 'vacancy', 'sounds', 'send', 'cv', 'today', 'interaction', 'advertising', 'vacancy', 'employment', 'agency', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'salestarget', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Tendering Engineer
Webindex: 72479966
Company: Earth Stream Global Limited
Description: Our Client  A world leading renewable s business with interests in Transmission, Renewable s and Generation. Job Description  As a tendering engineer you will be required to coordinate the production of cost estimates and tender documentation including the preparation of bills of quantities and activity schedules required to deliver the civil, electrical or underground cable/overhead lines construction works for major electrical transmission projects. The portfolio ranges from new build, replacement and refurbishment of Transmission Distribution electrical networks. Candidate Requirements  Proven experience in tendering/estimating in an engineering and construction environment Working knowledge of FIDIC and or NEC**** conditions of contract. Knowledge of HSQE legislation related to construction projects, particularly CDM Regs. HND / Degree qualified in Quantity Surveying or related discipline or equivalent experience EarthStream is a specialist global recruiting business dedicated to the energy, resources environment sectors that is uniquely positioned to understand the interplay and increasing convergence between these sectors. We specialize exclusively in the energy, resources and environment sectors with our capability in providing staff across a range of technical, engineering, scientific and commercial disciplines. The recruiters in each of our industry specific divisions understand the unique skills and requirements of each vertical sector and where to find the best people in that field. With operations in five continents we have the coverage and experience to service our clients and candidates anywhere in the world." 1 data/Engineering\Job_00124.txt " Tendering Engineer" " 72479966" " Earth Stream Global Limited" " Our Client  A world leading renewable s business with interests in Transmission, Renewable s and Generation. Job Description  As a tendering engineer you will be required to coordinate the production of cost estimates and tender documentation including the preparation of bills of quantities and activity schedules required to deliver the civil, electrical or underground cable/overhead lines construction works for major electrical transmission projects. The portfolio ranges from new build, replacement and refurbishment of Transmission Distribution electrical networks. Candidate Requirements  Proven experience in tendering/estimating in an engineering and construction environment Working knowledge of FIDIC and or NEC**** conditions of contract. Knowledge of HSQE legislation related to construction projects, particularly CDM Regs. HND / Degree qualified in Quantity Surveying or related discipline or equivalent experience EarthStream is a specialist global recruiting business dedicated to the energy, resources environment sectors that is uniquely positioned to understand the interplay and increasing convergence between these sectors. We specialize exclusively in the energy, resources and environment sectors with our capability in providing staff across a range of technical, engineering, scientific and commercial disciplines. The recruiters in each of our industry specific divisions understand the unique skills and requirements of each vertical sector and where to find the best people in that field. With operations in five continents we have the coverage and experience to service our clients and candidates anywhere in the world." "['world', 'renewable', 'interests', 'transmission', 'renewable', 'generation', 'description', 'tendering', 'coordinate', 'production', 'cost', 'estimates', 'tender', 'documentation', 'preparation', 'bills', 'quantities', 'activity', 'schedules', 'deliver', 'civil', 'electrical', 'cable', 'overhead', 'lines', 'construction', 'works', 'major', 'electrical', 'transmission', 'projects', 'portfolio', 'ranges', 'build', 'replacement', 'refurbishment', 'transmission', 'distribution', 'electrical', 'networks', 'requirements', 'proven', 'tendering', 'estimating', 'construction', 'environment', 'nec', 'conditions', 'contract', 'legislation', 'related', 'construction', 'projects', 'hnd', 'degree', 'qualified', 'quantity', 'surveying', 'related', 'discipline', 'equivalent', 'specialist', 'global', 'recruiting', 'dedicated', 'energy', 'resources', 'environment', 'sectors', 'positioned', 'understand', 'increasing', 'convergence', 'sectors', 'specialize', 'exclusively', 'energy', 'resources', 'environment', 'sectors', 'capability', 'providing', 'range', 'technical', 'scientific', 'commercial', 'disciplines', 'recruiters', 'industry', 'specific', 'divisions', 'understand', 'unique', 'requirements', 'vertical', 'sector', 'find', 'people', 'field', 'operations', 'continents', 'coverage', 'candidates', 'world']" Engineering
"Title: Sales Trainee  Birmingham City Centre
Webindex: 72666862
Company: Skyline Marketing
Description: Sales Trainee  Birmingham City Centre It's your future. How far will you take it? Expansion plans for 2013 means we are looking for individuals wanting to take on more responsibilities this New Year At Skyline Marketing we have created an environment where success, vision, personal development, diversity, responsibility and respect thrive. We are looking for natural leaders and individuals who get excited about challenges and who are not willing to settle for the status quo. More than just a sales and marketing company, we focus on training and coaching peoples' mentality and equipping them with fully transferable skills that will set them up for success no matter what they turn their minds to. We are currently working alongside one of the UK's most innovative brands. Our client offers: Britain's largest range of films and games Free first class postage for DVDs, Blurays games rentals Thousands of films, documentaries and TV series to stream instantly We create brand awareness through face to face interaction with people where they live in the Birmingham and surrounding West Midlands areas. Personal progression through our training program is based on student mentality, work ethic and attitude  winning mentality, not time scales We are looking for candidates who are: Driven Competitive Coachable Ambitious Positive Selfmotivated Winners If you are unemployed or simply just frustrated with your current situation, and are looking for somewhere that will challenge your strengths and take you out of your comfort zone then apply now. Get a head start for your new career Applicants must be over the age of **** and local to Birmingham City Centre. EXPERIENCE IS NOT ESSENTIAL as full product training is provided, but use of an iPad is advantageous. IMMEDIATE START is an advantage. All earnings are entirely based on performance with average earnings of ******** per week. REPLY NOW Email your CV and successful candidates will be contacted by telephone for an appointment. This is a self employed opportunity. ALL APPLICANTS MUST BE WILLING TO COMMUTE TO THE BIRMINGHAM CENTRE CITY ON A DAILY BASIS. With limited openings we are looking for people who are available immediately. To protect our clients and to help fill openings quickly all applicants who are a non resident will need to show proof that you are legible to legally work in the UK. All applicants not locally based will have their applications rejected. In an effort to find the right people to represent our clients and help expand our industry, we routinely invite people to spend a full day in the field observing our sales operations. The day is designed to help the decisionmaking process and participants do not receive compensation, but they get a chance to see if the opening is best for them. sales marketing customer service promotions retail hospitality travel tourism" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00206.txt " Sales Trainee  Birmingham City Centre" " 72666862" " Skyline Marketing" " Sales Trainee  Birmingham City Centre It's your future. How far will you take it? Expansion plans for 2013 means we are looking for individuals wanting to take on more responsibilities this New Year At Skyline Marketing we have created an environment where success, vision, personal development, diversity, responsibility and respect thrive. We are looking for natural leaders and individuals who get excited about challenges and who are not willing to settle for the status quo. More than just a sales and marketing company, we focus on training and coaching peoples' mentality and equipping them with fully transferable skills that will set them up for success no matter what they turn their minds to. We are currently working alongside one of the UK's most innovative brands. Our client offers: Britain's largest range of films and games Free first class postage for DVDs, Blurays games rentals Thousands of films, documentaries and TV series to stream instantly We create brand awareness through face to face interaction with people where they live in the Birmingham and surrounding West Midlands areas. Personal progression through our training program is based on student mentality, work ethic and attitude  winning mentality, not time scales We are looking for candidates who are: Driven Competitive Coachable Ambitious Positive Selfmotivated Winners If you are unemployed or simply just frustrated with your current situation, and are looking for somewhere that will challenge your strengths and take you out of your comfort zone then apply now. Get a head start for your new career Applicants must be over the age of **** and local to Birmingham City Centre. EXPERIENCE IS NOT ESSENTIAL as full product training is provided, but use of an iPad is advantageous. IMMEDIATE START is an advantage. All earnings are entirely based on performance with average earnings of ******** per week. REPLY NOW Email your CV and successful candidates will be contacted by telephone for an appointment. This is a self employed opportunity. ALL APPLICANTS MUST BE WILLING TO COMMUTE TO THE BIRMINGHAM CENTRE CITY ON A DAILY BASIS. With limited openings we are looking for people who are available immediately. To protect our clients and to help fill openings quickly all applicants who are a non resident will need to show proof that you are legible to legally work in the UK. All applicants not locally based will have their applications rejected. In an effort to find the right people to represent our clients and help expand our industry, we routinely invite people to spend a full day in the field observing our sales operations. The day is designed to help the decisionmaking process and participants do not receive compensation, but they get a chance to see if the opening is best for them. sales marketing customer service promotions retail hospitality travel tourism" "['trainee', 'birmingham', 'city', 'centre', 'future', 'expansion', 'plans', 'means', 'individuals', 'wanting', 'responsibilities', 'year', 'marketing', 'created', 'environment', 'success', 'vision', 'personal', 'diversity', 'responsibility', 'respect', 'thrive', 'natural', 'leaders', 'individuals', 'excited', 'challenges', 'settle', 'status', 'marketing', 'focus', 'coaching', 'peoples', 'mentality', 'fully', 'set', 'success', 'matter', 'turn', 'minds', 'alongside', ""uk's"", 'innovative', 'brands', 'offers', ""britain's"", 'largest', 'range', 'films', 'games', 'free', 'class', 'games', 'thousands', 'films', 'tv', 'series', 'stream', 'instantly', 'create', 'brand', 'awareness', 'face', 'face', 'interaction', 'people', 'live', 'birmingham', 'surrounding', 'west', 'midlands', 'areas', 'personal', 'progression', 'program', 'student', 'mentality', 'ethic', 'attitude', 'winning', 'mentality', 'time', 'scales', 'candidates', 'driven', 'competitive', 'ambitious', 'positive', 'selfmotivated', 'simply', 'frustrated', 'current', 'situation', 'challenge', 'strengths', 'comfort', 'head', 'start', 'career', 'applicants', 'age', 'local', 'birmingham', 'city', 'centre', 'essential', 'product', 'provided', 'ipad', 'advantageous', 'start', 'advantage', 'earnings', 'performance', 'average', 'earnings', 'week', 'reply', 'email', 'cv', 'candidates', 'contacted', 'telephone', 'appointment', 'employed', 'applicants', 'commute', 'birmingham', 'centre', 'city', 'daily', 'basis', 'limited', 'openings', 'people', 'immediately', 'protect', 'fill', 'openings', 'quickly', 'applicants', 'resident', 'show', 'proof', 'applicants', 'locally', 'applications', 'rejected', 'effort', 'find', 'people', 'represent', 'expand', 'industry', 'routinely', 'invite', 'people', 'spend', 'day', 'field', 'observing', 'operations', 'day', 'designed', 'decisionmaking', 'process', 'participants', 'receive', 'compensation', 'chance', 'opening', 'marketing', 'promotions', 'retail', 'hospitality', 'travel']" Engineering
"Title: Registered Nurse  Birmingham
Webindex: 68310427
Company: Compass Associates Ltd
Description: A leading independent healthcare provider has an opportunity for a Registered Nurse for a care home based in Birmingham. The home is medium / large in size and caters for the elderly and dementia The rate of pay is ****p/hr based on 3344 hours per week The successful candidate will be RGN or RMN qualified with experience in nursing and ideally within a nursing home environment however this is not essential. You will have a passion for nursing and excellent communication skills.To apply, email your CV jwildscompassltd.co.uk or telephone Jamie ****" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00601.txt " Registered Nurse  Birmingham" " 68310427" " Compass Associates Ltd" " A leading independent healthcare provider has an opportunity for a Registered Nurse for a care home based in Birmingham. The home is medium / large in size and caters for the elderly and dementia The rate of pay is ****p/hr based on 3344 hours per week The successful candidate will be RGN or RMN qualified with experience in nursing and ideally within a nursing home environment however this is not essential. You will have a passion for nursing and excellent communication skills.To apply, email your CV jwildscompassltd.co.uk or telephone Jamie ****" "['independent', 'healthcare', 'provider', 'registered', 'nurse', 'birmingham', 'medium', 'large', 'size', 'caters', 'elderly', 'dementia', 'rate', 'pay', 'hr', 'hours', 'week', 'rgn', 'rmn', 'qualified', 'nursing', 'ideally', 'nursing', 'environment', 'essential', 'passion', 'nursing', 'communication', 'email', 'cv', 'telephone', 'jamie']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Nurse Practitioner Required for Locum Shifts in Suffolk
Webindex: 62524959
Description: Are you looking for Nurse Practitioner locum work? Chase Medical requires experienced Nurse Practitioners for locum shifts in Ipswich and throughout Suffolk We have shifts on both an adhoc and regular basis , with morning/afternoon and full day shifts available. Chase Medical is one of the UK’s leading agency’s that supplies locum, contract and permanent work to Nurse Practitioners and Practice Nurses. Working with Chase Medical you will experience: Competitive rates ranging ****  **** per hour including holiday pay Flexible times , allowing you to choose the shifts around your life style Great CPD for your CV, whether this is for future employment or just your own personal achievement Book shifts up to 6 months in advance You must be able to see, diagnose, treat and prescribe. A prescribing qualification is essential. Apply today and you could be taking shifts in 2 weeks. If you are interesting in flexible hours with great rates of pay, contact us immediately on: Email: infochasemedical.com Phone: **** **** **** and ask for Michael Alternatively, more information is available on our website: www.chasemedical.com" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00473.txt " Nurse Practitioner Required for Locum Shifts in Suffolk" " 62524959"  " Are you looking for Nurse Practitioner locum work? Chase Medical requires experienced Nurse Practitioners for locum shifts in Ipswich and throughout Suffolk We have shifts on both an adhoc and regular basis , with morning/afternoon and full day shifts available. Chase Medical is one of the UK’s leading agency’s that supplies locum, contract and permanent work to Nurse Practitioners and Practice Nurses. Working with Chase Medical you will experience: Competitive rates ranging ****  **** per hour including holiday pay Flexible times , allowing you to choose the shifts around your life style Great CPD for your CV, whether this is for future employment or just your own personal achievement Book shifts up to 6 months in advance You must be able to see, diagnose, treat and prescribe. A prescribing qualification is essential. Apply today and you could be taking shifts in 2 weeks. If you are interesting in flexible hours with great rates of pay, contact us immediately on: Email: infochasemedical.com Phone: **** **** **** and ask for Michael Alternatively, more information is available on our website: www.chasemedical.com" "['nurse', 'practitioner', 'locum', 'chase', 'medical', 'requires', 'experienced', 'nurse', 'practitioners', 'locum', 'shifts', 'ipswich', 'suffolk', 'shifts', 'adhoc', 'regular', 'basis', 'morning', 'afternoon', 'day', 'shifts', 'chase', 'medical', 'agency', 'supplies', 'locum', 'contract', 'permanent', 'nurse', 'practitioners', 'practice', 'nurses', 'chase', 'medical', 'competitive', 'rates', 'ranging', 'hour', 'holiday', 'pay', 'flexible', 'times', 'allowing', 'choose', 'shifts', 'life', 'style', 'great', 'cpd', 'cv', 'future', 'employment', 'personal', 'achievement', 'book', 'shifts', 'months', 'advance', 'diagnose', 'treat', 'prescribe', 'prescribing', 'qualification', 'essential', 'today', 'taking', 'shifts', 'weeks', 'interesting', 'flexible', 'hours', 'great', 'rates', 'pay', 'contact', 'immediately', 'email', 'infochasemedical', 'phone', 'michael', 'alternatively', 'information', 'website', 'www', 'chasemedical']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Pensions and Payroll Consultant
Webindex: 68715062
Company: Page Personnel Finance
Description: The Pensions and Payroll Consultant will be the subject matter expert within Group HR and will be expected to maintain excellent working relationships with the key stakeholders, including the pension scheme Trustees, whilst coaching and training members of the payroll team. Act as a referral point for pensions administration and take responsibility for the administration of the Defined Benefit and Defined Contribution pension schemes. Agree and implement key performance indicators with key stakeholders and manage all aspects of the achievement and communication of these. Ensure all pension documentation meets regulatory requirements and reflects best practice. Monitor, review and ensure all regulatory and statutory guidelines are maintained, The successful candidate will have : The ability to manage a diverse workload and prioritise tasks Excellent relationship management and strong influencing and communicating skills, both verbal and written A proactive approach with a strong business focus Good organisation and project management skills Excellent attention to detail and analytical skills Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. The company are an employer of choice based in Stratford Upon Avon requiring a Pensions and Payroll Consultant. The role is expected to last 36 months paying circa ****/**** p/h Your application will be reviewed by Page Personnel. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Page Personnel is a leading UK recruitment consultancy This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PensionsandPayrollConsultant_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00302.txt " Pensions and Payroll Consultant" " 68715062" " Page Personnel Finance" " The Pensions and Payroll Consultant will be the subject matter expert within Group HR and will be expected to maintain excellent working relationships with the key stakeholders, including the pension scheme Trustees, whilst coaching and training members of the payroll team. Act as a referral point for pensions administration and take responsibility for the administration of the Defined Benefit and Defined Contribution pension schemes. Agree and implement key performance indicators with key stakeholders and manage all aspects of the achievement and communication of these. Ensure all pension documentation meets regulatory requirements and reflects best practice. Monitor, review and ensure all regulatory and statutory guidelines are maintained, The successful candidate will have : The ability to manage a diverse workload and prioritise tasks Excellent relationship management and strong influencing and communicating skills, both verbal and written A proactive approach with a strong business focus Good organisation and project management skills Excellent attention to detail and analytical skills Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. The company are an employer of choice based in Stratford Upon Avon requiring a Pensions and Payroll Consultant. The role is expected to last 36 months paying circa ****/**** p/h Your application will be reviewed by Page Personnel. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Page Personnel is a leading UK recruitment consultancy This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PensionsandPayrollConsultant_job****" "['pensions', 'payroll', 'consultant', 'subject', 'matter', 'expert', 'group', 'hr', 'expected', 'maintain', 'relationships', 'key', 'stakeholders', 'pension', 'scheme', 'trustees', 'whilst', 'coaching', 'members', 'payroll', 'act', 'referral', 'point', 'pensions', 'administration', 'responsibility', 'administration', 'defined', 'benefit', 'defined', 'contribution', 'pension', 'schemes', 'agree', 'implement', 'key', 'performance', 'indicators', 'key', 'stakeholders', 'manage', 'aspects', 'achievement', 'communication', 'pension', 'documentation', 'meets', 'regulatory', 'requirements', 'reflects', 'practice', 'monitor', 'review', 'regulatory', 'statutory', 'guidelines', 'maintained', 'manage', 'diverse', 'workload', 'prioritise', 'tasks', 'relationship', 'influencing', 'communicating', 'verbal', 'written', 'proactive', 'approach', 'focus', 'organisation', 'project', 'attention', 'detail', 'analytical', 'specific', 'qualifications', 'account', 'overseas', 'equivalents', 'employer', 'choice', 'avon', 'requiring', 'pensions', 'payroll', 'consultant', 'expected', 'months', 'paying', 'circa', 'application', 'reviewed', 'page', 'personnel', 'aware', 'receive', 'volume', 'applications', 'advertised', 'regularly', 'receive', 'applications', 'candidates', 'exceed', 'credentials', 'contact', 'days', 'selected', 'interview', 'page', 'personnel', 'consultancy', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: ITU staff required in Maidstone, Kent
Webindex: 72609298
Company: Ambition 24
Description: Job Description: Ambition ****hours is currently recruiting for trained ITU nurses to join our agency. We require flexible candidates that are available to work days and cover nights as and when required. Job Requirements Adhere to regulatory standards Flexible to work various shift patterns Skills/ Qualifications Current PIN ITU / ICU Trained Able to work in a busy environment Salary approx **** p/h Excellent working conditions About the company If you want the best rates for agency nursing jobs  and to work with the most successful of UK nursing agencies  then Ambition ****hours can help you today. One of the leading UK nursing agencies, Ambition ****hours specialises in the provision of nursing jobs for qualified staff and other healthcare appointments for temporary and longterm placement with NHS Trusts, private hospitals, nursing homes, HM Prison service and also organisations concerned with mental health care and learning difficulties. Ambition ****hours has earned a reputation for an exceptionally fast, highquality, friendly and efficient service to meet the needs of busy healthcare providers to fill specialist nursing jobs and care assistant appointments  even at very short notice. In fact, we were the first of the UK agencies to provide a truly **** service, 365 days a year, including Bank Holidays and weekends. Call **** **** **** **** or email [Click here to email] or visit www.A****Group.co.uk" 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00600.txt " ITU staff required in Maidstone, Kent" " 72609298" " Ambition 24" " Job Description: Ambition ****hours is currently recruiting for trained ITU nurses to join our agency. We require flexible candidates that are available to work days and cover nights as and when required. Job Requirements Adhere to regulatory standards Flexible to work various shift patterns Skills/ Qualifications Current PIN ITU / ICU Trained Able to work in a busy environment Salary approx **** p/h Excellent working conditions About the company If you want the best rates for agency nursing jobs  and to work with the most successful of UK nursing agencies  then Ambition ****hours can help you today. One of the leading UK nursing agencies, Ambition ****hours specialises in the provision of nursing jobs for qualified staff and other healthcare appointments for temporary and longterm placement with NHS Trusts, private hospitals, nursing homes, HM Prison service and also organisations concerned with mental health care and learning difficulties. Ambition ****hours has earned a reputation for an exceptionally fast, highquality, friendly and efficient service to meet the needs of busy healthcare providers to fill specialist nursing jobs and care assistant appointments  even at very short notice. In fact, we were the first of the UK agencies to provide a truly **** service, 365 days a year, including Bank Holidays and weekends. Call **** **** **** **** or email [Click here to email] or visit www.A****Group.co.uk" "['description', 'ambition', 'hours', 'recruiting', 'trained', 'itu', 'nurses', 'agency', 'require', 'flexible', 'candidates', 'days', 'cover', 'nights', 'requirements', 'adhere', 'regulatory', 'standards', 'flexible', 'shift', 'patterns', 'qualifications', 'current', 'pin', 'itu', 'icu', 'trained', 'busy', 'environment', 'approx', 'conditions', 'rates', 'agency', 'nursing', 'jobs', 'nursing', 'agencies', 'ambition', 'hours', 'today', 'nursing', 'agencies', 'ambition', 'hours', 'specialises', 'provision', 'nursing', 'jobs', 'qualified', 'healthcare', 'appointments', 'temporary', 'longterm', 'placement', 'nhs', 'trusts', 'private', 'hospitals', 'nursing', 'homes', 'hm', 'prison', 'organisations', 'concerned', 'mental', 'health', 'learning', 'difficulties', 'ambition', 'hours', 'earned', 'reputation', 'exceptionally', 'fast', 'highquality', 'friendly', 'efficient', 'meet', 'busy', 'healthcare', 'providers', 'fill', 'specialist', 'nursing', 'jobs', 'assistant', 'appointments', 'short', 'notice', 'fact', 'agencies', 'days', 'year', 'bank', 'holidays', 'weekends', 'call', 'email', 'click', 'email', 'visit', 'www', 'group']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Business Development (Sales) Manager  Media Solutions
Webindex: 72401303
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Business Development (Sales) Manager  Media Solutions South East / London ****k Base, ****k OTE  Excellent Benefits With over 45 years experience and a reputation for being the global leader in outdoor and other specialised advertising, our client has operations in over **** cities spanning more than 40 countries worldwide. As a highenergy sales and marketing company, passionate about creating and delivering inspiring media solutions they have created an exciting vacancy for an additional Senior Sales Executive (BDM) to join their London based Advertising Sales Team As a Business Development Manager focused on all core products (outdoor, airport, street furniture etc) you will instigate and develop both professional and profitable relationships with agencies, clients and specialists, generating maximum revenue for our clients dedicated core products sales division. You can expect to work with some of the UK s largest agencies and companies on exciting campaigns where you will manage the entire project from concept through to launch. You will be required to identify, qualify and close opportunities with a wide ranging client base covering an equal mix of new and existing clients. Contact the Media Sales specialist at Certus for further information on this exciting opening. The ideal candidate will have at least 3 years previous Media Sales experience and a proven record of client interaction at all levels. You will possess excellent communication and presentation skills coupled with the drive and desire to offer a market leading media solution to clients throughout the UK. This role requires ownership, autonomy, assertiveness and professionalism. The successful candidate can expect a base salary circa ****k with an uncapped and very achievable first year OTE of ****k plus a full and generous benefits package. Certus is an established and experienced specialist and consultancy, providing sales and marketing recruitment services to the business to business marketplace throughout the UK. We are experts in the recruitment of internal and external (field sales) sales professionals from Graduate Sales Trainee through to Sales Manager and Sales Director levels. With specialist Sales divisions covering: Commercial Sales, FMCG, Information, Financial, Medical and Pharmaceutical, IT/Technology (Software, Hardware, Telco and Services), Media, Rec****Rec and a Marketing division covering everything from Marketing Executives through to PR Managers and Marketing Director level positions; we are well positioned to deliver cost effective recruitment solutions in a timely manner. To find out more about Certus, please visit and Like our and pages to follow all the latest vacancies and news from within Certus and around the industry." 3 data/Sales\Job_00755.txt " Business Development (Sales) Manager  Media Solutions" " 72401303" " UKStaffsearch" " Business Development (Sales) Manager  Media Solutions South East / London ****k Base, ****k OTE  Excellent Benefits With over 45 years experience and a reputation for being the global leader in outdoor and other specialised advertising, our client has operations in over **** cities spanning more than 40 countries worldwide. As a highenergy sales and marketing company, passionate about creating and delivering inspiring media solutions they have created an exciting vacancy for an additional Senior Sales Executive (BDM) to join their London based Advertising Sales Team As a Business Development Manager focused on all core products (outdoor, airport, street furniture etc) you will instigate and develop both professional and profitable relationships with agencies, clients and specialists, generating maximum revenue for our clients dedicated core products sales division. You can expect to work with some of the UK s largest agencies and companies on exciting campaigns where you will manage the entire project from concept through to launch. You will be required to identify, qualify and close opportunities with a wide ranging client base covering an equal mix of new and existing clients. Contact the Media Sales specialist at Certus for further information on this exciting opening. The ideal candidate will have at least 3 years previous Media Sales experience and a proven record of client interaction at all levels. You will possess excellent communication and presentation skills coupled with the drive and desire to offer a market leading media solution to clients throughout the UK. This role requires ownership, autonomy, assertiveness and professionalism. The successful candidate can expect a base salary circa ****k with an uncapped and very achievable first year OTE of ****k plus a full and generous benefits package. Certus is an established and experienced specialist and consultancy, providing sales and marketing recruitment services to the business to business marketplace throughout the UK. We are experts in the recruitment of internal and external (field sales) sales professionals from Graduate Sales Trainee through to Sales Manager and Sales Director levels. With specialist Sales divisions covering: Commercial Sales, FMCG, Information, Financial, Medical and Pharmaceutical, IT/Technology (Software, Hardware, Telco and Services), Media, Rec****Rec and a Marketing division covering everything from Marketing Executives through to PR Managers and Marketing Director level positions; we are well positioned to deliver cost effective recruitment solutions in a timely manner. To find out more about Certus, please visit and Like our and pages to follow all the latest vacancies and news from within Certus and around the industry." "['media', 'solutions', 'south', 'east', 'london', 'base', 'ote', 'benefits', 'years', 'reputation', 'global', 'leader', 'outdoor', 'specialised', 'advertising', 'operations', 'spanning', 'countries', 'worldwide', 'marketing', 'passionate', 'creating', 'delivering', 'inspiring', 'media', 'solutions', 'created', 'exciting', 'vacancy', 'additional', 'senior', 'executive', 'bdm', 'london', 'advertising', 'focused', 'core', 'products', 'outdoor', 'street', 'furniture', 'develop', 'professional', 'profitable', 'relationships', 'agencies', 'specialists', 'generating', 'maximum', 'revenue', 'dedicated', 'core', 'products', 'division', 'expect', 'largest', 'agencies', 'companies', 'exciting', 'campaigns', 'manage', 'entire', 'project', 'concept', 'launch', 'identify', 'qualify', 'close', 'opportunities', 'wide', 'ranging', 'base', 'covering', 'equal', 'mix', 'existing', 'contact', 'media', 'specialist', 'certus', 'information', 'exciting', 'opening', 'ideal', 'years', 'previous', 'media', 'proven', 'record', 'interaction', 'levels', 'possess', 'communication', 'presentation', 'coupled', 'drive', 'desire', 'offer', 'market', 'media', 'solution', 'requires', 'ownership', 'autonomy', 'professionalism', 'expect', 'base', 'circa', 'uncapped', 'achievable', 'year', 'ote', 'generous', 'benefits', 'package', 'certus', 'established', 'experienced', 'specialist', 'consultancy', 'providing', 'marketing', 'marketplace', 'experts', 'internal', 'external', 'field', 'professionals', 'graduate', 'trainee', 'director', 'levels', 'specialist', 'divisions', 'covering', 'commercial', 'fmcg', 'information', 'medical', 'pharmaceutical', 'technology', 'software', 'hardware', 'media', 'rec', 'rec', 'marketing', 'division', 'covering', 'marketing', 'executives', 'pr', 'managers', 'marketing', 'director', 'level', 'positions', 'positioned', 'deliver', 'cost', 'effective', 'solutions', 'timely', 'manner', 'find', 'certus', 'visit', 'pages', 'follow', 'latest', 'vacancies', 'news', 'certus', 'industry']" Sales
"Title: EDM Machinist
Webindex: 71224914
Company: Encore Personnel
Description: EDM Machinist Leicester **** to **** per hour (shift allowance) The role An experienced EDM Machinist is required for our client based in Leicester. As an EDM machinist, our client is looking for someone who has worked with either CNC or Manual EDM machines in an engineering environment. You will be operating the machinery in order to produce various components of a high standard. The role is for immediate start and it is working three different rotating shifts including mornings, afternoons and nights and you must be flexible to work overtime. The Person To be considered for this role you must have experience operating either CNC or Manual EDM machinery. The Company An excellent engineering company in the aerospace industry located centrally in Leicester. The Package This role is paying between **** to **** per hour depending on experience and including shift allowance. To apply for this position please call Encore on [blocked] and send your CV to nfosterencoretechnical Encore Personnel are an Equal Opportunities Employer. Specialist Recruiters in the Technical/engineering, and senior appointment sectors. Based in the Midlands, supplying Nationally. Encore offer a 'refer a friend' reward scheme where you could receive a gift of up to ****" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00087.txt " EDM Machinist" " 71224914" " Encore Personnel" " EDM Machinist Leicester **** to **** per hour (shift allowance) The role An experienced EDM Machinist is required for our client based in Leicester. As an EDM machinist, our client is looking for someone who has worked with either CNC or Manual EDM machines in an engineering environment. You will be operating the machinery in order to produce various components of a high standard. The role is for immediate start and it is working three different rotating shifts including mornings, afternoons and nights and you must be flexible to work overtime. The Person To be considered for this role you must have experience operating either CNC or Manual EDM machinery. The Company An excellent engineering company in the aerospace industry located centrally in Leicester. The Package This role is paying between **** to **** per hour depending on experience and including shift allowance. To apply for this position please call Encore on [blocked] and send your CV to nfosterencoretechnical Encore Personnel are an Equal Opportunities Employer. Specialist Recruiters in the Technical/engineering, and senior appointment sectors. Based in the Midlands, supplying Nationally. Encore offer a 'refer a friend' reward scheme where you could receive a gift of up to ****" "['edm', 'machinist', 'leicester', 'hour', 'shift', 'allowance', 'experienced', 'edm', 'machinist', 'leicester', 'edm', 'machinist', 'worked', 'cnc', 'manual', 'edm', 'machines', 'environment', 'operating', 'machinery', 'order', 'produce', 'components', 'standard', 'start', 'rotating', 'shifts', 'mornings', 'afternoons', 'nights', 'flexible', 'overtime', 'person', 'considered', 'operating', 'cnc', 'manual', 'edm', 'machinery', 'aerospace', 'industry', 'located', 'centrally', 'leicester', 'package', 'paying', 'hour', 'depending', 'shift', 'allowance', 'call', 'encore', 'blocked', 'send', 'cv', 'encore', 'personnel', 'equal', 'opportunities', 'employer', 'specialist', 'recruiters', 'technical', 'senior', 'appointment', 'sectors', 'midlands', 'supplying', 'nationally', 'encore', 'offer', 'refer', 'friend', 'reward', 'scheme', 'receive', 'gift']" Engineering
"Title: Senior Account Executive  Marketing & PR Software
Webindex: 68057065
Company: Vocus
Description: Vocus is looking for a strong Senior Account Executive to support our worldwide expansion. Vocus is a high growth technology company an industry leader in the SaaS field. Averaging 30% growth annually, we have a competitive sales culture within a fastpaced and energised working environment. Vocus is the leading provider of ondemand software for marketing and public relations management. Our webbased software suite helps organisations of all sizes to improve the way they communicate with both the media and the public, optimising their public relations activity and increasing their ability to measure its impact. Our software enables organisations to raise awareness of their products and services to both journalists and consumers and to monitor and communicate with people across social media platforms. As a high growth technology company, Vocus offers a fantastic and challenging opportunity to develop your skills and advance your career within an expanding and dynamic organisation. The Role As a Senior Account Executive you will be responsible for retaining and growing existing contract revenue within a set of top tier organisations, with a major focus on identifying new opportunities across a portfolio of approximately **** accounts. To be considered for this role, you will demonstrate excellent communication skills, strong customer service experience, be results driven and have the ability to achieve clear goals and objectives. You will manage the client relationship, helping to ensure that clients achieve their goals. You will demonstrate high levels of business awareness to help build credibility with clients, spot potential opportunities within a peer group or industry sector, and position the benefits of our outstanding software services. Responsibilities: • Act as the point of contact for assigned clients and named accounts with complete responsibility for performance. • Develop and expand relationships with clients, including identifying new opportunities for clients to increase spend efficiently. • Own client relationships and incremental revenue, including upselling and resigning on a regular basis. • Escalate, track and resolve key client issues and manage expectations both internally and externally with clients from implementation, management and performance. Requirements: • BA/BS degree or equivalent experience preferred. • Experience growing and retaining clients. • Ability to handle fastpaced environments with effective timemanagement skills. Must be able to prioritise and meet deadlines. • Strong understanding of the software industry, including knowledge of the underlying technology, major companies, and research. • Strong analytical, written and communication skills This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorAccountExecutiveMarketingPRSoftware_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00724.txt " Senior Account Executive  Marketing & PR Software" " 68057065" " Vocus" " Vocus is looking for a strong Senior Account Executive to support our worldwide expansion. Vocus is a high growth technology company an industry leader in the SaaS field. Averaging 30% growth annually, we have a competitive sales culture within a fastpaced and energised working environment. Vocus is the leading provider of ondemand software for marketing and public relations management. Our webbased software suite helps organisations of all sizes to improve the way they communicate with both the media and the public, optimising their public relations activity and increasing their ability to measure its impact. Our software enables organisations to raise awareness of their products and services to both journalists and consumers and to monitor and communicate with people across social media platforms. As a high growth technology company, Vocus offers a fantastic and challenging opportunity to develop your skills and advance your career within an expanding and dynamic organisation. The Role As a Senior Account Executive you will be responsible for retaining and growing existing contract revenue within a set of top tier organisations, with a major focus on identifying new opportunities across a portfolio of approximately **** accounts. To be considered for this role, you will demonstrate excellent communication skills, strong customer service experience, be results driven and have the ability to achieve clear goals and objectives. You will manage the client relationship, helping to ensure that clients achieve their goals. You will demonstrate high levels of business awareness to help build credibility with clients, spot potential opportunities within a peer group or industry sector, and position the benefits of our outstanding software services. Responsibilities: • Act as the point of contact for assigned clients and named accounts with complete responsibility for performance. • Develop and expand relationships with clients, including identifying new opportunities for clients to increase spend efficiently. • Own client relationships and incremental revenue, including upselling and resigning on a regular basis. • Escalate, track and resolve key client issues and manage expectations both internally and externally with clients from implementation, management and performance. Requirements: • BA/BS degree or equivalent experience preferred. • Experience growing and retaining clients. • Ability to handle fastpaced environments with effective timemanagement skills. Must be able to prioritise and meet deadlines. • Strong understanding of the software industry, including knowledge of the underlying technology, major companies, and research. • Strong analytical, written and communication skills This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorAccountExecutiveMarketingPRSoftware_job****" "['vocus', 'senior', 'account', 'executive', 'worldwide', 'expansion', 'vocus', 'growth', 'technology', 'industry', 'leader', 'field', 'growth', 'competitive', 'culture', 'fastpaced', 'environment', 'vocus', 'provider', 'software', 'marketing', 'public', 'relations', 'software', 'suite', 'helps', 'organisations', 'sizes', 'improve', 'communicate', 'media', 'public', 'optimising', 'public', 'relations', 'activity', 'increasing', 'measure', 'impact', 'software', 'enables', 'organisations', 'raise', 'awareness', 'products', 'consumers', 'monitor', 'communicate', 'people', 'social', 'media', 'platforms', 'growth', 'technology', 'vocus', 'offers', 'fantastic', 'challenging', 'develop', 'advance', 'career', 'expanding', 'dynamic', 'organisation', 'senior', 'account', 'executive', 'responsible', 'retaining', 'growing', 'existing', 'contract', 'revenue', 'set', 'top', 'tier', 'organisations', 'major', 'focus', 'identifying', 'opportunities', 'portfolio', 'approximately', 'accounts', 'considered', 'demonstrate', 'communication', 'results', 'driven', 'achieve', 'clear', 'goals', 'objectives', 'manage', 'relationship', 'helping', 'achieve', 'goals', 'demonstrate', 'levels', 'awareness', 'build', 'credibility', 'potential', 'opportunities', 'peer', 'group', 'industry', 'sector', 'benefits', 'outstanding', 'software', 'responsibilities', 'act', 'point', 'contact', 'assigned', 'named', 'accounts', 'complete', 'responsibility', 'performance', 'develop', 'expand', 'relationships', 'identifying', 'opportunities', 'increase', 'spend', 'efficiently', 'relationships', 'incremental', 'revenue', 'regular', 'basis', 'escalate', 'track', 'resolve', 'key', 'issues', 'manage', 'expectations', 'internally', 'externally', 'implementation', 'performance', 'requirements', 'ba', 'bs', 'degree', 'equivalent', 'preferred', 'growing', 'retaining', 'handle', 'fastpaced', 'environments', 'effective', 'timemanagement', 'prioritise', 'meet', 'deadlines', 'understanding', 'software', 'industry', 'underlying', 'technology', 'major', 'companies', 'research', 'analytical', 'written', 'communication', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Financial Administrator and Support: Fleet Dept
Webindex: 68700672
Company: Anonymous
Description: JOB PURPOSE: To assist in all aspects of fleet financial coordination and administration. RESPONSIBILITIES:  Accurate processing of all supplier invoices  Production of reports relating to all aspects of Fleet Management  Maintenance of Fleet insurance databases and vehicle files  Manage and coordinate vehicle MOT bookings, Road Fund License renewal and fuel card management  Act as Finance and Account interface with Fleet Suppliers and other parties  Manage the overflow/back up for the fleet calls  Any other admin/finance duties where time permits and as required SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE EXPERIENCE:  First class communication skills, both written and verbal  Excellent telephone manner  Excellent computer skills especially with Microsoft Word, Excel and Outlook  Analytical and flexible approach to various tasks required  A proactive and optimistic attitude  Ability to work to deadlines  Well presented, reliable and punctual This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinancialAdministratorandSupportFleetDept_job****" 0 data/Accounting_Finance\Job_00241.txt " Financial Administrator and Support: Fleet Dept" " 68700672" " Anonymous" " JOB PURPOSE: To assist in all aspects of fleet financial coordination and administration. RESPONSIBILITIES:  Accurate processing of all supplier invoices  Production of reports relating to all aspects of Fleet Management  Maintenance of Fleet insurance databases and vehicle files  Manage and coordinate vehicle MOT bookings, Road Fund License renewal and fuel card management  Act as Finance and Account interface with Fleet Suppliers and other parties  Manage the overflow/back up for the fleet calls  Any other admin/finance duties where time permits and as required SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE EXPERIENCE:  First class communication skills, both written and verbal  Excellent telephone manner  Excellent computer skills especially with Microsoft Word, Excel and Outlook  Analytical and flexible approach to various tasks required  A proactive and optimistic attitude  Ability to work to deadlines  Well presented, reliable and punctual This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinancialAdministratorandSupportFleetDept_job****" "['purpose', 'assist', 'aspects', 'fleet', 'coordination', 'administration', 'responsibilities', 'accurate', 'processing', 'supplier', 'invoices', 'production', 'reports', 'relating', 'aspects', 'fleet', 'maintenance', 'fleet', 'insurance', 'databases', 'vehicle', 'files', 'manage', 'coordinate', 'vehicle', 'mot', 'bookings', 'road', 'fund', 'license', 'renewal', 'fuel', 'card', 'act', 'finance', 'account', 'interface', 'fleet', 'suppliers', 'parties', 'manage', 'back', 'fleet', 'calls', 'admin', 'finance', 'duties', 'time', 'permits', 'class', 'communication', 'written', 'verbal', 'telephone', 'manner', 'computer', 'microsoft', 'word', 'excel', 'outlook', 'analytical', 'flexible', 'approach', 'tasks', 'proactive', 'attitude', 'deadlines', 'presented', 'reliable', 'punctual', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" "Accounting Finance"
"Title: Senior Highways Technician  LONDON  **** BENEFITS
Webindex: 72427843
Company: Penguin Recruitment
Description: Senior Highways Technician  LONDON  **** BENEFITS An amazing opportunity has arisen for an experienced Senior Highways Technician to join a reputable and distinguished transport planning consultancy. With an involvement in a wide variety of exciting projects, this is a fantastic chance to join a growing company and further your career in a valued and diverse working environment. The ideal Senior Highways Technician will have: A HNC/HND in Civil Engineering At least 5 years experience in a similar role Proficient in the use of AutoCAD and other relevant software Have a good knowledge of DMRB and design parameters Proven experience in highway design for development planning Excellent verbal and written communication As a Senior Highways Technician you will hold many responsibilities, including preparing drawings and technical reports to a high standard. You will obtain data from local authorities and visit sites, alongside providing highway and junction feasibility designs for private sector developments. You will complete traffic flow and swept path analyses, whilst working to set industry and company guidelines. If you are hardworking and looking for new opportunities as a Senior Highways Technician, then this role is for you. A competitive salary and benefits package is on offer to the right candidate. Commutable locations include Greater London, Reading, Uxbridge, Watford, Croydon, Slough, Luton, Dartford and St. Albans Interested? For an initial, noncommittal discussion about this vacancy or other opportunities in the environmental sector, please call Isabel Stephens of Penguin Recruitment on **** **** **** Alternatively you can email your CV and we ll call you back. Emails to: isabel.stephenspenguinrecruitment.co.uk" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00169.txt " Senior Highways Technician  LONDON  **** BENEFITS" " 72427843" " Penguin Recruitment" " Senior Highways Technician  LONDON  **** BENEFITS An amazing opportunity has arisen for an experienced Senior Highways Technician to join a reputable and distinguished transport planning consultancy. With an involvement in a wide variety of exciting projects, this is a fantastic chance to join a growing company and further your career in a valued and diverse working environment. The ideal Senior Highways Technician will have: A HNC/HND in Civil Engineering At least 5 years experience in a similar role Proficient in the use of AutoCAD and other relevant software Have a good knowledge of DMRB and design parameters Proven experience in highway design for development planning Excellent verbal and written communication As a Senior Highways Technician you will hold many responsibilities, including preparing drawings and technical reports to a high standard. You will obtain data from local authorities and visit sites, alongside providing highway and junction feasibility designs for private sector developments. You will complete traffic flow and swept path analyses, whilst working to set industry and company guidelines. If you are hardworking and looking for new opportunities as a Senior Highways Technician, then this role is for you. A competitive salary and benefits package is on offer to the right candidate. Commutable locations include Greater London, Reading, Uxbridge, Watford, Croydon, Slough, Luton, Dartford and St. Albans Interested? For an initial, noncommittal discussion about this vacancy or other opportunities in the environmental sector, please call Isabel Stephens of Penguin Recruitment on **** **** **** Alternatively you can email your CV and we ll call you back. Emails to: isabel.stephenspenguinrecruitment.co.uk" "['senior', 'highways', 'technician', 'london', 'benefits', 'amazing', 'arisen', 'experienced', 'senior', 'highways', 'technician', 'reputable', 'distinguished', 'transport', 'planning', 'consultancy', 'involvement', 'wide', 'variety', 'exciting', 'projects', 'fantastic', 'chance', 'growing', 'career', 'valued', 'diverse', 'environment', 'ideal', 'senior', 'highways', 'technician', 'hnc', 'hnd', 'civil', 'years', 'similar', 'proficient', 'autocad', 'relevant', 'software', 'parameters', 'proven', 'highway', 'planning', 'verbal', 'written', 'communication', 'senior', 'highways', 'technician', 'hold', 'responsibilities', 'preparing', 'drawings', 'technical', 'reports', 'standard', 'obtain', 'data', 'local', 'authorities', 'visit', 'sites', 'alongside', 'providing', 'highway', 'junction', 'designs', 'private', 'sector', 'developments', 'complete', 'traffic', 'flow', 'path', 'analyses', 'whilst', 'set', 'industry', 'guidelines', 'hardworking', 'opportunities', 'senior', 'highways', 'technician', 'competitive', 'benefits', 'package', 'offer', 'commutable', 'locations', 'include', 'greater', 'london', 'reading', 'uxbridge', 'watford', 'croydon', 'slough', 'luton', 'dartford', 'st', 'albans', 'interested', 'initial', 'noncommittal', 'discussion', 'vacancy', 'opportunities', 'environmental', 'sector', 'call', 'isabel', 'stephens', 'penguin', 'alternatively', 'email', 'cv', 'll', 'call', 'back', 'emails', 'isabel', 'stephenspenguinrecruitment']" Engineering
"Title: Store Manager Furniture/Carpets
Webindex: 71848359
Company: Priority Recruitment
Description: Store Manager? Stretford ****  **** **** OTE Client ?? This national up market Furniture/Carpets Company has been inspiring people to create beautiful furniture and carpets for many years. Our client has made huge strides in providing the general public with fantastic furniture, beds, Carpets and wardrobes all of great quality. The standard of their product is such that they target themselves at the top end of the market, expecting their customers to pay a premium for what they offer, continually generating repeat business and providing customers with the complete customer experience. They are a private business, whose roots still lie firmly in the stable workshop where it all began. With stores open throughout the UK currently they are gradually expanding their operations based on their successful trading since their business began. On the back of recent growth they are looking to recruit a new Store Manager in order to maximize sales and profit by developing a service focused culture which will exceed their customers needs. ?? Your Role ?? As Store Manager you will be responsible for the overall operations of your store, with complete autonomy in recruitment and retention, sales and marketing and driving profitable sales volumes and profit margins. You will be targeted at reviewing performance targets and ensure that action is taken to meet targets by maximizing sales opportunities. ?You will effectively implement and develop clear performance targets and motivate and enthuse your staff to achieve these by leading by example and displaying a hands on management role. ?You will be visible on the shop floor at all times and be able to provide customers with the excellent service that the brand demands whilst developing and training your staff to enhance their own career goals. ?? About You ?? You will currently be an experienced Store Manager preferably from a furniture or Carpet retail background at Management level. ?You will be determined to meet customer expectations and have a healthy attitude to competition whilst showing natural leadership skills, inspiring people by leading from the front. ?You will be willing to assume accountability for your teams and stores performance and recognize areas for development to further enhance your stores sales. ?You will be able to communicate clearly and concisely at all levels and be able to set clear objectives to your team in order to aid their performance. Your selling approach will be one of patience and you will have a key eye for details. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/StoreManagerFurnitureCarpets_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00708.txt " Store Manager Furniture/Carpets" " 71848359" " Priority Recruitment" " Store Manager? Stretford ****  **** **** OTE Client ?? This national up market Furniture/Carpets Company has been inspiring people to create beautiful furniture and carpets for many years. Our client has made huge strides in providing the general public with fantastic furniture, beds, Carpets and wardrobes all of great quality. The standard of their product is such that they target themselves at the top end of the market, expecting their customers to pay a premium for what they offer, continually generating repeat business and providing customers with the complete customer experience. They are a private business, whose roots still lie firmly in the stable workshop where it all began. With stores open throughout the UK currently they are gradually expanding their operations based on their successful trading since their business began. On the back of recent growth they are looking to recruit a new Store Manager in order to maximize sales and profit by developing a service focused culture which will exceed their customers needs. ?? Your Role ?? As Store Manager you will be responsible for the overall operations of your store, with complete autonomy in recruitment and retention, sales and marketing and driving profitable sales volumes and profit margins. You will be targeted at reviewing performance targets and ensure that action is taken to meet targets by maximizing sales opportunities. ?You will effectively implement and develop clear performance targets and motivate and enthuse your staff to achieve these by leading by example and displaying a hands on management role. ?You will be visible on the shop floor at all times and be able to provide customers with the excellent service that the brand demands whilst developing and training your staff to enhance their own career goals. ?? About You ?? You will currently be an experienced Store Manager preferably from a furniture or Carpet retail background at Management level. ?You will be determined to meet customer expectations and have a healthy attitude to competition whilst showing natural leadership skills, inspiring people by leading from the front. ?You will be willing to assume accountability for your teams and stores performance and recognize areas for development to further enhance your stores sales. ?You will be able to communicate clearly and concisely at all levels and be able to set clear objectives to your team in order to aid their performance. Your selling approach will be one of patience and you will have a key eye for details. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/StoreManagerFurnitureCarpets_job****" "['store', 'ote', 'national', 'market', 'furniture', 'carpets', 'inspiring', 'people', 'create', 'beautiful', 'furniture', 'carpets', 'years', 'made', 'huge', 'strides', 'providing', 'general', 'public', 'fantastic', 'furniture', 'beds', 'carpets', 'great', 'quality', 'standard', 'product', 'target', 'top', 'end', 'market', 'expecting', 'customers', 'pay', 'premium', 'offer', 'continually', 'generating', 'repeat', 'providing', 'customers', 'complete', 'private', 'roots', 'lie', 'firmly', 'stable', 'workshop', 'began', 'stores', 'open', 'expanding', 'operations', 'trading', 'began', 'back', 'recent', 'growth', 'recruit', 'store', 'order', 'maximize', 'profit', 'developing', 'focused', 'culture', 'exceed', 'customers', 'store', 'responsible', 'operations', 'store', 'complete', 'autonomy', 'retention', 'marketing', 'driving', 'profitable', 'volumes', 'profit', 'margins', 'targeted', 'reviewing', 'performance', 'targets', 'action', 'meet', 'targets', 'maximizing', 'opportunities', 'effectively', 'implement', 'develop', 'clear', 'performance', 'targets', 'motivate', 'achieve', 'displaying', 'hands', 'visible', 'shop', 'floor', 'times', 'customers', 'brand', 'demands', 'whilst', 'developing', 'enhance', 'career', 'goals', 'experienced', 'store', 'preferably', 'furniture', 'carpet', 'retail', 'background', 'level', 'determined', 'meet', 'expectations', 'healthy', 'attitude', 'competition', 'whilst', 'showing', 'natural', 'leadership', 'inspiring', 'people', 'front', 'assume', 'accountability', 'teams', 'stores', 'performance', 'areas', 'enhance', 'stores', 'communicate', 'levels', 'set', 'clear', 'objectives', 'order', 'aid', 'performance', 'selling', 'approach', 'key', 'eye', 'details', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Apply Today, Start Tomorrow New Sales for 2013
Webindex: 70457475
Company: Motion Marketing Ltd
Description: Apply Today, Start Tomorrow New Sales for 2013 Is this you? Do you need money and a career immediately? We are looking for at least **** people to start now No experience is necessary, as we provide all successful applicants with full product training along with continuous coaching from day one in the office. Although we welcome candidates with previous experience in Sales, Customer Service, Advertising, Promotions, Retail, Call Centre, Hospitality Marketing. Opportunities throughout 2013 We never slow down If you are hardworking and looking to start a new career, then please apply now for an immediate appointment ****  **** per week  Average Earnings APPLY ONLINE NOW ALL CANDIDATES MUST BE **** OR OVER, LIVE IN THE UK  PLYMOUTH AREA  AND MUST BE ABLE TO COMMUTE TO OUR PLYMOUTH OFFICE DAILY. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ApplyTodayStartTomorrowNewSalesfor2013_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00764.txt " Apply Today, Start Tomorrow New Sales for 2013" " 70457475" " Motion Marketing Ltd" " Apply Today, Start Tomorrow New Sales for 2013 Is this you? Do you need money and a career immediately? We are looking for at least **** people to start now No experience is necessary, as we provide all successful applicants with full product training along with continuous coaching from day one in the office. Although we welcome candidates with previous experience in Sales, Customer Service, Advertising, Promotions, Retail, Call Centre, Hospitality Marketing. Opportunities throughout 2013 We never slow down If you are hardworking and looking to start a new career, then please apply now for an immediate appointment ****  **** per week  Average Earnings APPLY ONLINE NOW ALL CANDIDATES MUST BE **** OR OVER, LIVE IN THE UK  PLYMOUTH AREA  AND MUST BE ABLE TO COMMUTE TO OUR PLYMOUTH OFFICE DAILY. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ApplyTodayStartTomorrowNewSalesfor2013_job****" "['today', 'start', 'tomorrow', 'money', 'career', 'immediately', 'people', 'start', 'applicants', 'product', 'continuous', 'coaching', 'day', 'office', 'candidates', 'previous', 'advertising', 'promotions', 'retail', 'call', 'centre', 'hospitality', 'marketing', 'opportunities', 'hardworking', 'start', 'career', 'appointment', 'week', 'average', 'earnings', 'online', 'candidates', 'live', 'plymouth', 'area', 'commute', 'plymouth', 'office', 'daily', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Assembly/Production Technicians Milton Keynes
Webindex: 71631590
Company: Newstaff Employment Services Ltd
Description: Main Purpose of Job:To perform a range of mechanical assembly, hydraulic installation and electrical wiring manufacturing / production operations to the required quality standard, within cost targets. Main Tasks Of Job: Efficient and correct to specification Mechanical assembly, hydraulic installation, electrical wiring, and fabrication / fitting operations, linked to the manufacture, service and repair of access platforms. Competent build inspection of all stages and materials used. Full compliance with ISO 9001 procedures, and total quality focus throughout all direct / indirect stages of manufacturing process to achieve a quality product aligned to the customers specification / expectations. Effective and efficient value added organisation and control of all allocated operations. Full flexibility, including being training and training others to enable all manufacturing operations by all to be completed across the company. Compliance with health and safety standards, flexibility, and development of skills through the complete manufacturing process, and the production / product cells. Maintaining and developing accurate systems and procedures. Ensuring engineering masters and works orders accurately reflect the approved parts consumed. Identification of low stock / shortages. Maintain a high standard of **** s workplace organisation. Continuous improvement / elimination of waste, through Lean Manufacturing techniques / tools . Working as a team to achieve customer quality, delivery, cost and innovation requirements. Striving to meet performance requirements for accidents / incidents, internal quality defects,cell productivity / utilisation, overall stock accuracy and WIP (flow lineadherence). Ensuring company procedures are complied with. Qualifications And Experience: Ideally City and Guilds formal mechanical or electrical assembly qualification,although stable and proven experience in a previous mechanical / electrical role will be considered where formal qualifications do not exist. Proven and communicated hands on experience and skills in the manufacturing practices of medium to heavy engineering assembly, hydraulic installation and basic wiring. Able to achieve strict quality standards and specifications. Team player, with full flexibility and availability for regular overtime working (where business demand requires) and performance of skilled and un skilled roles / tasks. Ability to work under pressure and to meet deadlines. Remuneration: The above role offers a competitive wage rate, business performance bonus, healthcare scheme, contributory pension, life insurance and holiday allowance scheme" 1 data/Engineering\Job_00002.txt " Assembly/Production Technicians Milton Keynes" " 71631590" " Newstaff Employment Services Ltd" " Main Purpose of Job:To perform a range of mechanical assembly, hydraulic installation and electrical wiring manufacturing / production operations to the required quality standard, within cost targets. Main Tasks Of Job: Efficient and correct to specification Mechanical assembly, hydraulic installation, electrical wiring, and fabrication / fitting operations, linked to the manufacture, service and repair of access platforms. Competent build inspection of all stages and materials used. Full compliance with ISO 9001 procedures, and total quality focus throughout all direct / indirect stages of manufacturing process to achieve a quality product aligned to the customers specification / expectations. Effective and efficient value added organisation and control of all allocated operations. Full flexibility, including being training and training others to enable all manufacturing operations by all to be completed across the company. Compliance with health and safety standards, flexibility, and development of skills through the complete manufacturing process, and the production / product cells. Maintaining and developing accurate systems and procedures. Ensuring engineering masters and works orders accurately reflect the approved parts consumed. Identification of low stock / shortages. Maintain a high standard of **** s workplace organisation. Continuous improvement / elimination of waste, through Lean Manufacturing techniques / tools . Working as a team to achieve customer quality, delivery, cost and innovation requirements. Striving to meet performance requirements for accidents / incidents, internal quality defects,cell productivity / utilisation, overall stock accuracy and WIP (flow lineadherence). Ensuring company procedures are complied with. Qualifications And Experience: Ideally City and Guilds formal mechanical or electrical assembly qualification,although stable and proven experience in a previous mechanical / electrical role will be considered where formal qualifications do not exist. Proven and communicated hands on experience and skills in the manufacturing practices of medium to heavy engineering assembly, hydraulic installation and basic wiring. Able to achieve strict quality standards and specifications. Team player, with full flexibility and availability for regular overtime working (where business demand requires) and performance of skilled and un skilled roles / tasks. Ability to work under pressure and to meet deadlines. Remuneration: The above role offers a competitive wage rate, business performance bonus, healthcare scheme, contributory pension, life insurance and holiday allowance scheme" "['main', 'purpose', 'perform', 'range', 'mechanical', 'assembly', 'hydraulic', 'installation', 'electrical', 'wiring', 'manufacturing', 'production', 'operations', 'quality', 'standard', 'cost', 'targets', 'main', 'tasks', 'efficient', 'correct', 'specification', 'mechanical', 'assembly', 'hydraulic', 'installation', 'electrical', 'wiring', 'fabrication', 'fitting', 'operations', 'linked', 'manufacture', 'repair', 'access', 'platforms', 'competent', 'build', 'inspection', 'stages', 'materials', 'compliance', 'iso', 'procedures', 'total', 'quality', 'focus', 'direct', 'stages', 'manufacturing', 'process', 'achieve', 'quality', 'product', 'aligned', 'customers', 'specification', 'expectations', 'effective', 'efficient', 'added', 'organisation', 'control', 'allocated', 'operations', 'flexibility', 'enable', 'manufacturing', 'operations', 'completed', 'compliance', 'health', 'safety', 'standards', 'flexibility', 'complete', 'manufacturing', 'process', 'production', 'product', 'cells', 'maintaining', 'developing', 'accurate', 'procedures', 'ensuring', 'masters', 'works', 'orders', 'accurately', 'reflect', 'approved', 'parts', 'identification', 'low', 'stock', 'maintain', 'standard', 'workplace', 'organisation', 'continuous', 'improvement', 'waste', 'lean', 'manufacturing', 'techniques', 'tools', 'achieve', 'quality', 'delivery', 'cost', 'innovation', 'requirements', 'striving', 'meet', 'performance', 'requirements', 'incidents', 'internal', 'quality', 'defects', 'cell', 'productivity', 'utilisation', 'stock', 'accuracy', 'wip', 'flow', 'ensuring', 'procedures', 'complied', 'qualifications', 'ideally', 'city', 'guilds', 'formal', 'mechanical', 'electrical', 'assembly', 'qualification', 'stable', 'proven', 'previous', 'mechanical', 'electrical', 'considered', 'formal', 'qualifications', 'exist', 'proven', 'communicated', 'hands', 'manufacturing', 'practices', 'medium', 'heavy', 'assembly', 'hydraulic', 'installation', 'basic', 'wiring', 'achieve', 'strict', 'quality', 'standards', 'specifications', 'player', 'flexibility', 'availability', 'regular', 'overtime', 'demand', 'requires', 'performance', 'skilled', 'skilled', 'roles', 'tasks', 'pressure', 'meet', 'deadlines', 'remuneration', 'offers', 'competitive', 'wage', 'rate', 'performance', 'bonus', 'healthcare', 'scheme', 'contributory', 'pension', 'life', 'insurance', 'holiday', 'allowance', 'scheme']" Engineering
"Title: Medical Sales Executive/Associate  Orthopaedics
Webindex: 70028343
Company: Progress Sales Recruitment
Description: Sales Associate – Hip and Knee Orthopaedics A market leading, innovative, medical device company that has led the way in product development for the orthopaedic and spinal orthopaedic market. With offices throughout the world this listed global giant offers employees some of the best career progression / development opportunities available •London •to ****k Basic Salary / ****k Bonus / Commission / Excellent package including car corporate benefits. •Territory Manager / Sales Representative / Account Manager / Business Development Manager / Sales Specialist / ODA / ODP / Clinical Advisor / Pharmaceutical Sales • Orthopaedics / Spinal Orthopaedics / Theatre Company – •**** employees worldwide •Market leader in the Medical Device market in over 50 countries •Fantastic training and career progression opportunities. •**** billion Euro turnover **** •Sales focused organisation. •Excellent reputation in the Medical / Urology market. Role – The Hip Knee Sales Associate position is a rare and exciting opportunity for clinical or medical sales professionals to join a true market leader working as an integral part of the Key Account Management team. Working closely with a Business Development Manager the Hip Knee Support Associate will manage a portfolio of hospital based customers and promote a range of orthopaedic products and techniques into theatre. The role will see the appointed person spend considerable time in a scrub environment and see them tasked with positioning the company as ‘provider of choice’ for orthopaedic products. Moving forward the role offers applicants the chance to further their clinical skills in a commercial setting or to move into a true sales role. This position is focused heavily on providing quality clinical education to orthopaedic surgeons and all theatre support staff. Applicant Applicants for this position could currently be working in either a sales or clinical position. Applicants may be working as a Territory Manager / Sales Representative / Account Manager / Business Development Manager / Sales Specialist / ODA / ODP / Clinical Advisor or be in Pharmaceutical Sales. What is important is the ability to demonstrate both clinical and sales aptitude – this role requires an individual who can forge strong relationships in a commercial setting and demonstrate equally strong clinical knowledge. If you are working in / around hospital sales and want to join a company where success is highly rewarded this is an excellent route into the exciting medical devices sector. The most important thing for applicants wanting to apply is a desire to earn and progress through hard work and commitment. To apply for this – or any of our exciting opportunities in the medical devices sales market Apply Online Progress Sales Recruitment is a specialist sales only medical recruitment consultancy dedicated to offering client and applicants alike the highest levels of service. With over 8 years experience in recruitment we specialise in the following areas of work  Nurse Advisers, Clinical Specialists, Theatre Sales Specialists, Sales Executives, Business Development Managers, Team Leaders, Sales Managers, Sales Directors and all other sales focused roles within the medical sector. Our core therapy areas include Vascular, Endoscopy, Urology, Neurology, ENT, Infection Control, Anaesthesia, Blood Products, Diathermy, Infusion, Orthopaedics, Surgical Instruments and all PCT, Primary, Secondary, Theatre and Rehabilitation products This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/MedicalSalesExecutiveAssociateOrthopaedics_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00630.txt " Medical Sales Executive/Associate  Orthopaedics" " 70028343" " Progress Sales Recruitment" " Sales Associate – Hip and Knee Orthopaedics A market leading, innovative, medical device company that has led the way in product development for the orthopaedic and spinal orthopaedic market. With offices throughout the world this listed global giant offers employees some of the best career progression / development opportunities available •London •to ****k Basic Salary / ****k Bonus / Commission / Excellent package including car corporate benefits. •Territory Manager / Sales Representative / Account Manager / Business Development Manager / Sales Specialist / ODA / ODP / Clinical Advisor / Pharmaceutical Sales • Orthopaedics / Spinal Orthopaedics / Theatre Company – •**** employees worldwide •Market leader in the Medical Device market in over 50 countries •Fantastic training and career progression opportunities. •**** billion Euro turnover **** •Sales focused organisation. •Excellent reputation in the Medical / Urology market. Role – The Hip Knee Sales Associate position is a rare and exciting opportunity for clinical or medical sales professionals to join a true market leader working as an integral part of the Key Account Management team. Working closely with a Business Development Manager the Hip Knee Support Associate will manage a portfolio of hospital based customers and promote a range of orthopaedic products and techniques into theatre. The role will see the appointed person spend considerable time in a scrub environment and see them tasked with positioning the company as ‘provider of choice’ for orthopaedic products. Moving forward the role offers applicants the chance to further their clinical skills in a commercial setting or to move into a true sales role. This position is focused heavily on providing quality clinical education to orthopaedic surgeons and all theatre support staff. Applicant Applicants for this position could currently be working in either a sales or clinical position. Applicants may be working as a Territory Manager / Sales Representative / Account Manager / Business Development Manager / Sales Specialist / ODA / ODP / Clinical Advisor or be in Pharmaceutical Sales. What is important is the ability to demonstrate both clinical and sales aptitude – this role requires an individual who can forge strong relationships in a commercial setting and demonstrate equally strong clinical knowledge. If you are working in / around hospital sales and want to join a company where success is highly rewarded this is an excellent route into the exciting medical devices sector. The most important thing for applicants wanting to apply is a desire to earn and progress through hard work and commitment. To apply for this – or any of our exciting opportunities in the medical devices sales market Apply Online Progress Sales Recruitment is a specialist sales only medical recruitment consultancy dedicated to offering client and applicants alike the highest levels of service. With over 8 years experience in recruitment we specialise in the following areas of work  Nurse Advisers, Clinical Specialists, Theatre Sales Specialists, Sales Executives, Business Development Managers, Team Leaders, Sales Managers, Sales Directors and all other sales focused roles within the medical sector. Our core therapy areas include Vascular, Endoscopy, Urology, Neurology, ENT, Infection Control, Anaesthesia, Blood Products, Diathermy, Infusion, Orthopaedics, Surgical Instruments and all PCT, Primary, Secondary, Theatre and Rehabilitation products This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/MedicalSalesExecutiveAssociateOrthopaedics_job****" "['associate', 'hip', 'knee', 'orthopaedics', 'market', 'innovative', 'medical', 'device', 'led', 'product', 'orthopaedic', 'spinal', 'orthopaedic', 'market', 'offices', 'world', 'listed', 'global', 'giant', 'offers', 'employees', 'career', 'progression', 'opportunities', 'london', 'basic', 'bonus', 'commission', 'package', 'car', 'corporate', 'benefits', 'territory', 'representative', 'account', 'specialist', 'oda', 'odp', 'clinical', 'advisor', 'pharmaceutical', 'orthopaedics', 'spinal', 'orthopaedics', 'theatre', 'employees', 'worldwide', 'market', 'leader', 'medical', 'device', 'market', 'countries', 'fantastic', 'career', 'progression', 'opportunities', 'billion', 'euro', 'turnover', 'focused', 'organisation', 'reputation', 'medical', 'urology', 'market', 'hip', 'knee', 'associate', 'rare', 'exciting', 'clinical', 'medical', 'professionals', 'true', 'market', 'leader', 'integral', 'part', 'key', 'account', 'closely', 'hip', 'knee', 'associate', 'manage', 'portfolio', 'hospital', 'customers', 'promote', 'range', 'orthopaedic', 'products', 'techniques', 'theatre', 'appointed', 'person', 'spend', 'considerable', 'time', 'scrub', 'environment', 'tasked', 'positioning', 'provider', 'choice', 'orthopaedic', 'products', 'moving', 'forward', 'offers', 'applicants', 'chance', 'clinical', 'commercial', 'setting', 'move', 'true', 'focused', 'heavily', 'providing', 'quality', 'clinical', 'education', 'orthopaedic', 'surgeons', 'theatre', 'applicant', 'applicants', 'clinical', 'applicants', 'territory', 'representative', 'account', 'specialist', 'oda', 'odp', 'clinical', 'advisor', 'pharmaceutical', 'important', 'demonstrate', 'clinical', 'aptitude', 'requires', 'individual', 'forge', 'relationships', 'commercial', 'setting', 'demonstrate', 'equally', 'clinical', 'hospital', 'success', 'highly', 'rewarded', 'route', 'exciting', 'medical', 'devices', 'sector', 'important', 'thing', 'applicants', 'wanting', 'desire', 'earn', 'progress', 'hard', 'commitment', 'exciting', 'opportunities', 'medical', 'devices', 'market', 'online', 'progress', 'specialist', 'medical', 'consultancy', 'dedicated', 'offering', 'applicants', 'alike', 'highest', 'levels', 'years', 'specialise', 'areas', 'nurse', 'advisers', 'clinical', 'specialists', 'theatre', 'specialists', 'executives', 'managers', 'leaders', 'managers', 'directors', 'focused', 'roles', 'medical', 'sector', 'core', 'therapy', 'areas', 'include', 'vascular', 'endoscopy', 'urology', 'infection', 'control', 'blood', 'products', 'orthopaedics', 'surgical', 'instruments', 'pct', 'primary', 'secondary', 'theatre', 'rehabilitation', 'products', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'salestarget', 'jobseeking']" Sales
"Title: Mobile Optometrist  Oxford
Webindex: 71402732
Company: Zest Optical
Description: A mobile Super Optometrist is required to join one of the UK s leading providers of domiciliary eye care to cover the Oxford area. The company provide eye health care needs to those patients who are unable to access high street optical services, and believe that everyone should have the right to an eye examination. As the role is a mobile Optometrist you will be based at home and travel to appointments within a **** mile radius. You will travel to around **** or **** patients houses a day , and using the latest in portable diagnostic equipment, carry out a thorough eye test, whilst also offering an excellent dispensing and aftercare service. The patients are generally those that unable to travel to an opticians due to illness or disability and as such should be treated with care and respect. This position would suit either a newly qualified Optometrist as training will be provided, but also experienced Optoms. The candidate needs to be honest, trustworthy and dependable whilst also ensuring that they maintain an excellent level of eye health care. This is an excellent opportunity with a very competitive salary of between **** and **** OTE , as they have an excellent bonus scheme in place. The working days are flexible and you can choose to work either **** or 5 days a week , and you will never have to work a weekend . As you will be required to drive around, a company car is also provided (with sat nav), alongside a mobile and laptop to help you attend to your appointments efficiently. This is a great company to work for, with support always available, and training provided when needed. If this opportunity is of interest to you, please email a copy of your CV or alternatively call **** for more information." 2 data/Healthcare_Nursing\Job_00560.txt " Mobile Optometrist  Oxford" " 71402732" " Zest Optical" " A mobile Super Optometrist is required to join one of the UK s leading providers of domiciliary eye care to cover the Oxford area. The company provide eye health care needs to those patients who are unable to access high street optical services, and believe that everyone should have the right to an eye examination. As the role is a mobile Optometrist you will be based at home and travel to appointments within a **** mile radius. You will travel to around **** or **** patients houses a day , and using the latest in portable diagnostic equipment, carry out a thorough eye test, whilst also offering an excellent dispensing and aftercare service. The patients are generally those that unable to travel to an opticians due to illness or disability and as such should be treated with care and respect. This position would suit either a newly qualified Optometrist as training will be provided, but also experienced Optoms. The candidate needs to be honest, trustworthy and dependable whilst also ensuring that they maintain an excellent level of eye health care. This is an excellent opportunity with a very competitive salary of between **** and **** OTE , as they have an excellent bonus scheme in place. The working days are flexible and you can choose to work either **** or 5 days a week , and you will never have to work a weekend . As you will be required to drive around, a company car is also provided (with sat nav), alongside a mobile and laptop to help you attend to your appointments efficiently. This is a great company to work for, with support always available, and training provided when needed. If this opportunity is of interest to you, please email a copy of your CV or alternatively call **** for more information." "['mobile', 'optometrist', 'providers', 'domiciliary', 'eye', 'cover', 'oxford', 'area', 'eye', 'health', 'patients', 'unable', 'access', 'street', 'optical', 'eye', 'mobile', 'optometrist', 'travel', 'appointments', 'mile', 'travel', 'patients', 'houses', 'day', 'latest', 'portable', 'diagnostic', 'equipment', 'carry', 'eye', 'test', 'whilst', 'offering', 'dispensing', 'patients', 'generally', 'unable', 'travel', 'opticians', 'due', 'illness', 'disability', 'treated', 'respect', 'suit', 'newly', 'qualified', 'optometrist', 'provided', 'experienced', 'honest', 'trustworthy', 'dependable', 'whilst', 'ensuring', 'maintain', 'level', 'eye', 'health', 'competitive', 'ote', 'bonus', 'scheme', 'place', 'days', 'flexible', 'choose', 'days', 'week', 'weekend', 'drive', 'car', 'provided', 'nav', 'alongside', 'mobile', 'laptop', 'attend', 'appointments', 'efficiently', 'great', 'provided', 'needed', 'interest', 'email', 'copy', 'cv', 'alternatively', 'call', 'information']" "Healthcare Nursing"
"Title: Field Sales Executive
Webindex: 71185283
Company: Genesis Associates
Description: Title: Field Sales Executive  Office Supplies / Solutions Area: Nottingham Basic: ****  **** (will pay up to ****k for a legend) OTE: ****  **** Benefits: Company Car, Laptop, Phone The Role  As a Field Sales Executive you will be (In between Light Sabre Training):  Reporting in to Obi Wan , you will be promoting a full range office supplies and office furniture into the SME market place  Securing new business within a geographical area as well as generating new leads via cold calling / door knocking/space hopping, between pre booked appointments  This role will be new business focused so if you are wanting a job where you can just kick back and relax then please don't apply.  However, all accounts won will be kept, so the role can progress into account management followed by world domination The Person  As a Field Sales Executive you will possess the following (Jedi Training would be advantageous):  Candidates must have at least 2 years Field Sales experience selling Office Supplies / Stationary solutions  Be able to sell at all levels including Jedi master level  Have excellent communication and presentation skills  Have the drive and enthusiasm to excel in their career  Must be extremely target driven and motivated by success The Company  Well established company  Currently experiencing rapid growth  They are in no way associated with the dark side If you do not have an Office Supplies Sales background, you will not be considered for this role  there is no room to argue with this client Please send you CV to tgrattongenesisassociates.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldSalesExecutive_job****" 3 data/Sales\Job_00685.txt " Field Sales Executive" " 71185283" " Genesis Associates" " Title: Field Sales Executive  Office Supplies / Solutions Area: Nottingham Basic: ****  **** (will pay up to ****k for a legend) OTE: ****  **** Benefits: Company Car, Laptop, Phone The Role  As a Field Sales Executive you will be (In between Light Sabre Training):  Reporting in to Obi Wan , you will be promoting a full range office supplies and office furniture into the SME market place  Securing new business within a geographical area as well as generating new leads via cold calling / door knocking/space hopping, between pre booked appointments  This role will be new business focused so if you are wanting a job where you can just kick back and relax then please don't apply.  However, all accounts won will be kept, so the role can progress into account management followed by world domination The Person  As a Field Sales Executive you will possess the following (Jedi Training would be advantageous):  Candidates must have at least 2 years Field Sales experience selling Office Supplies / Stationary solutions  Be able to sell at all levels including Jedi master level  Have excellent communication and presentation skills  Have the drive and enthusiasm to excel in their career  Must be extremely target driven and motivated by success The Company  Well established company  Currently experiencing rapid growth  They are in no way associated with the dark side If you do not have an Office Supplies Sales background, you will not be considered for this role  there is no room to argue with this client Please send you CV to tgrattongenesisassociates.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldSalesExecutive_job****" "['title', 'field', 'executive', 'office', 'supplies', 'solutions', 'area', 'nottingham', 'basic', 'pay', 'ote', 'benefits', 'car', 'laptop', 'phone', 'field', 'executive', 'light', 'reporting', 'promoting', 'range', 'office', 'supplies', 'office', 'furniture', 'sme', 'market', 'place', 'securing', 'geographical', 'area', 'generating', 'leads', 'cold', 'calling', 'door', 'space', 'pre', 'booked', 'appointments', 'focused', 'wanting', 'kick', 'back', 'relax', 'accounts', 'won', 'progress', 'account', 'world', 'person', 'field', 'executive', 'possess', 'jedi', 'advantageous', 'candidates', 'years', 'field', 'selling', 'office', 'supplies', 'solutions', 'sell', 'levels', 'jedi', 'master', 'level', 'communication', 'presentation', 'drive', 'enthusiasm', 'excel', 'career', 'extremely', 'target', 'driven', 'motivated', 'success', 'established', 'experiencing', 'rapid', 'growth', 'side', 'office', 'supplies', 'background', 'considered', 'room', 'send', 'cv', 'originally', 'posted', 'www', 'totaljobs', 'jobseeking']" Sales
